&nbsp;考研英语真题阅读理解在线听 
　　★ ★ ★ 黑 暗 版 ★ ★ ★
　　考研英语历年真题阅读理解mp3（2006）
　　沪江黑暗版考研英语历年真题阅读部分mp3
　　使用说明
　　历年考研英语真题在考研英语复习中的重要作用已经被广泛认可。作为考研英语重中之重的阅读理解自然也是复习的重点。熟练研习阅读理解的命题思路十分必要，熟读乃至背诵真题阅读文章更能培养语感，对阅读理解和写作的复习都非常有好处。暨《沪江黑暗版考研英语历年阅读真题解析》之后，沪江英语论坛再次推出《沪江黑暗版考研英语历年真题阅读mp3》，目的是为了方便广大研友复习考研英语阅读，决胜2007。本次发布的是2006年真题阅读mp3，2005年和2004年的mp3将在随后发布。
　　录音部分由沪江研英版主zhuqx969完成
　　后期制作由沪江研英版主jojolucan完成
　　版式编排由沪江研英版主bopsam_03完成
　　zhuqx969
　　2006年4月24日



沪江黑暗版考研英语真题阅读mp3在线听-1
下载

沪江黑暗版考研英语真题阅读mp3在线听-2
下载

沪江黑暗版考研英语真题阅读mp3在线听-3
下载

沪江黑暗版考研英语真题阅读mp3在线听-4
下载附：考研英语真题阅读理解原题及答案 

　　附：考研英语真题阅读理解原题及答案
　　2006年
　　Text 1
　　In spite of “endless talk of difference,” American society is an amazing 
machine for homogenizing people. This is “the democratizing uniformity of dress 
and discourse, and the casualness and absence of consumption “launched by the 
19th Ccentury department stores that offered ‘vast arrays of goods in an elegant 
atmosphere. Instead of intimate shops catering to a knowledgeable elite.” these 
were stores “anyone could enter, regardless of class or background. This turned 
shopping into a public and democratic act.” The mass media, advertising and 
sports are other forces for homogenization.
　　Immigrants are quickly fitting into this common culture, which may not be 
altogether elevating but is hardly poisonous. Writing for the National 
Immigration Forum, Gregory Rodriguez reports that today’s immigration is neither 
at unprecedented level nor resistant to assimilation. In 1998 immigrants were 
9.8 percent of population; in 1900, 13.6 percent. In the 10 years prior to 1990, 
3.1 immigrants arrived for every 1,000 residents; in the 10 years prior to 1890, 
9.2 for every 1,000. Now, consider three indices of assimilation------language, 
home ownership and intermarriage.
　　The 1990 Census revealed that “a majority of immigrants from each of the 
fifteen most common countries of origin spoke English “well” or “very well” 
after ten years of residence.” The children of immigrants tend to be bilingual 
and proficient in English. “By the third generation, the original language is 
lost in the majority of immigrant families.” Hence the description of America as 
a graveyard” for language. By 1996 foreign-born immigrants who had arrive before 
1970 had a home ownership rate of 75.6 percent, higher than the 69.8 percent 
rate among native-born Americans.
　　Foreign-born Asians and Hispanics “have higher rates of intermarriage than 
do U.S-born whites and blacks.” By the third generation, one third of Hispanic 
women are married to non-Hispanics, and 41 percent of Asian-American women are 
married to non-Asians.
　　Rodriguez not that children in remote villages around world are fans of 
superstars like Amold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks, yet “some Americans fear 
that immigrant living within the United States remain somehow immune to the 
nation’s assimilative power.”
　　Are there divisive issues and pockets of seething in America? Indeed. It is 
big enough to have a bit of everything. But particularly when viewed against 
America’s turbulent past, today’s social induces suggest a dark and 
deteriorating social environment.
　　21.The word “homogenizing”（Line 2， Paragraph 1） most probably means
　　A identifying B associatingC assimilating D monopolizing
　　22. According to the author， the department stores of the 19th century
　　A played a role in the spread of popular culture.
　　B became intimate shops for common consumers.
　　C satisfied the needs of a knowledgeable elite.
　　D owed its emergence to the culture of consumption
　　23.The text suggests that immigrants now in the U.S.
　　A are resistant to homogenization.
　　B exert a great influence on American culture.
　　C are hardly a threat to the common culture.
　　D constitute the majority of the population.
　　24. Why are Arnold Schwarzenegger and Garth Brooks mentioned in Paragraph 
5？
　　A To prove their popularity around the world.
　　B To reveal the public‘s fear of immigrants.
　　C To give examples of successful immigrants.
　　D To show the powerful influence of American culture.
　　25.In the author’s opinion， the absorption of immigrants into American 
society is
　　　 A rewarding.
　　　 B successful.
　　　 C fruitless.
　　D harmful.
　　答案：21、C 22、A 23、C 24、D 25、B
　　Text 2
　　Stratford-on-Avon, as we all know, has only one industry―William 
Shakespeare―but there are two distinctly separate and increasingly hostile 
branches. There is the Royal Shakespeare Company (ASC), which presents superb 
productions of the plays at the Shakespeare Memorial Theatre on the Avon. And 
there are the townsfolk who largely live off the tourists who come, not to see 
the plays, but to look at Anne Hathaway’s Cottage, Shakespeare’s birthplace and 
the other sights.
　　The worthy residents of Stratford doubt that the theatre adds a penny to 
their revenue. They frankly dislike the RSC’s actors, them with their long hair 
and beards and sandals and noisiness. It’s all deliciously ironic when you 
consider that Shakespeare, who earns their living, was himself an actor (with a 
beard) and did his share of noise-making.
　　The tourist streams are not entirely separate. The sightseers who come by 
bus- and often take in Warwick Castle and Blenheim Palace on the side―don’t 
usually see the plays, and some of them are even surprised to find a theatre in 
Stratford. However, the playgoers do manage a little sight-seeing along with 
their playgoing. It is the playgoers, the ESC contends, who bring in much of the 
town’s revenue because they spend the night (some of them four or five nights) 
pouring cash into the hotels and restaurants. The sightseers can take in 
everything and get out of town by nightfall.
　　The townsfolk don’t see it this way and local council does not contribute 
directly to the subsidy of the Royal Shakespeare Company. Stratford cries poor 
traditionally. Nevertheless every hotel in town seems to be adding a new wing or 
cocktail lounge. Hilton is building its own hotel there, which you may be sure 
will be decorated with Hamlet Hamburger Bars, the Lear Lounge, the Banquo 
Banqueting Room, and so forth, and will be very expensive.
　　Anyway, the townsfolk can’t understand why the Royal Shakespeare Company 
needs a subsidy. (The theatre has broken attendance records for three years in a 
row. Last year its 1,431 seats were 94 percent occupied all year long and this 
year they’ll do better.) The reason, of course, is that costs have rocketed and 
ticket prices have stayed low.
　　It would be a shame to raise prices too much because it would drive away 
the young people who are Stratford’s most attractive clientele. They come 
entirely for the plays, not the sights. They all seem to look alike (though they 
come from all over)---lean, pointed, dedicated faces, wearing jeans and sandals, 
eating their buns and bedding down for the night on the flagstones outside the 
theatre to buy the 20 seats and 80 standing―room tickets held for the sleepers 
and sold to them when the box office opens at 10:30 a.m.
　　26. From the first two paragraphs， we learn that
　　A. the townsfolk deny the RSC‘s contribution to the town’s revenue
　　　B. the actors of the RSC imitate Shakespeare on and off stage
　　C. the two branches of the RSC are not on good terms
　　　D. the townsfolk earn little from tourism
　　27. It can be inferred from Paragragh 3 that
　　A. the sightseers cannot visit the Castle and the Palace separately
　　　B. the playgoers spend more money than the sightseers
　　　C. the sightseers do more shopping than the playgoers
　　　D. the playgoers go to no other places in town than the theater
　　28. By saying “Stratford cries poor traditionally”（Line 2-3， Paragraph 4）， 
the author implies that
　　A. Stratford cannot afford the expansion projects
　　　B. Stratford has long been in financial difficulties
　　　C. the town is not really short of money
　　D. the townsfolk used to be poorly paid
　　29. According to the townsfolk， the RSC deserves no subsidy because
　　A. ticket prices can be raised to cover the spending
　　　B. the company is financially ill-managed
　　　C. the behavior of the actors is not socially acceptable
　　　D. the theatre attendance is on the rise
　　30. From the text we can conclude that the author
　　A. is supportive of both sides
　　　B. favors the townsfolk‘s view
　　C. takes a detached attitude
　　　D. is sympathetic to the RS
　　答案：26、A 27、B 28、C 29、D 30、D
　　Text 3
　　When prehistoric man arrived in new parts of the world, something strange 
happened to the large animals. They suddenly became extinct. Smaller species 
survived. The large, slow-growing animals were easy game, and were quickly 
hunted to extinction. Now something similar could be happening in the 
oceans.
　　That the seas are being overfished has been known for years. What 
researchers such as Ransom Myers and Boris Worm have shown is just how fast 
things are changing. They have looked at half a century of data from fisheries 
around the world. Their methods do not attempt to estimate the actual biomass 
(the amount of living biological matter) of fish species in particular parts of 
the ocean, but rather changes in that biomass over time. According to their 
latest paper published in Nature, the biomass of large predators (animals that 
kill and eat other animals) in a new fishery is reduced on average by 80% within 
15 years of the start of exploitation. In some long-fished areas, it has halved 
again since then.
　　Dr Worm acknowledges that the figures are conservative. One reason for this 
is that fishing technology has improved. Today's vessels can find their prey 
using satellites and sonar, which were not available 50 years ago. That means a 
higher proportion of what is in the sea is being caught, so the real difference 
between present and past is likely to be worse than the one recorded by changes 
in catch sizes. In the early days, too, longlines would have been more saturated 
with fish. Some individuals would therefore not have been caught, since no 
baited hooks would have been available to trap them, leading to an underestimate 
of fish stocks in the past. Furthermore, in the early days of longline fishing, 
a lot of fish were lost to sharks after they had been hooked. That is no longer 
a problem, because there are fewer sharks around now.
　　Dr Myers and Dr Worm argue that their work gives a correct baseline, which 
future management efforts must take into account. They believe the data support 
an idea current among marine biologists, that of the "shifting baseline". The 
notion is that people have failed to detect the massive changes which have 
happened in the ocean because they have been looking back only a relatively 
short time into the past. That matters because theory suggests that the maximum 
sustainable yield that can be cropped from a fishery comes when the biomass of a 
target species is about 50% of its original levels. Most fisheries are well 
below that, which is a bad way to do business.
　　31、The extinction of large prehistoric animals is noted to suggest that
　　A、large animal were vulnerable to the changing environment
　　B、small species survived as large animals disappeared
　　C、large sea animals may face the same threat today.
　　D、Slow-growing fish outlive fast-growing ones
　　32、who can infer form Dr Myers and Dr. Worm‘s paper that
　　A、the stock of large predators in some old fisheries has reduced by 90%
　　B、there are only half as many fisheries are there were 15 years ago
　　C、the catch sizes in new fisheries are only 20% of the original amount
　　D、the number of larger predators dropped faster in new fisherish than in 
the old
　　33、By saying these figures are conservative （line in ，paragragf-3）， Dr worm 
means that
　　A、fishing technology has improved rapidly
　　B、then catch-sizes are actually smaller then recorded
　　C、the marine bio mass has suffered a greater loss
　　D、the date collected so far are pit pf date.
　　34、Dr Myers and other researchers hold that
　　A、people should look for a baseline that can‘t work for a longer time
　　B、fisheries should keep the yield below 50% of the biomass
　　C、the ocean biomass should restored its original level.
　　D、people should adjust the fishing baseline to changing situation.
　　35、The author seems to be mainly concerned with most fisheries‘
　　A、management efficiency
　　B、biomass level
　　C、catch-size limits
　　D、technological application.
　　答案：31、C 32、A 33、C 34、D 35、B
　　Text 4
　　Many things make people think artists are weird and the weirdest may be 
this: artists' only job is to explore emotions, and yet they choose to focus on 
the ones that feel bad.
　　This wasn't always so. The earliest forms of art, like painting and music, 
are those best suited for expressing joy. But somewhere in the 19th century, 
more artists began seeing happiness as insipid, phony or, worst of all, boring 
as we went from Wordsworth's daffodils to Baudelaire's flowers of evil.
　　You could argue that art became more skeptical of happiness because modern 
times have seen such misery. But it's not as if earlier times didn't know 
perpetual war, disaster and the massacre of innocents. The reason, in fact, may 
be just the opposite: there is too much damn happiness in the world today.
　　After all, what is the one modern form of expression almost completely 
dedicated to depicting happiness? Advertising. The rise of anti-happy art almost 
exactly tracks the emergence of mass media, and with it, a commercial culture in 
which happiness is not just an ideal but an ideology.
　　People in earlier eras were surrounded by reminders of misery. They worked 
until exhausted, lived with few protections and died young. In the West, before 
mass communication and literacy, the most powerful mass medium was the church, 
which reminded worshippers that their souls were in peril and that they would 
someday be meat for worms. Given all this, they did not exactly need their art 
to be a bummer too.
　　Today the messages your average Westerner is bombarded with are not 
religious but commercial, and forever happy. Fast-food eaters, news anchors, 
text messengers, all smiling, smiling. Our magazines feature beaming celebrities 
and happy families in perfect homes. And since these messages have an agenda--to 
lure us to open our wallets to make the very idea of happiness seem unreliable. 
"Celebrate!" commanded the ads for the arthritis drug Celebrex, before we found 
out it could increase the risk of heart attacks.
　　What we forget--what our economy depends on is forgetting--is that 
happiness is more than pleasure without pain. The things that bring the greatest 
joy carry the greatest potential for loss and disappointment. Today, surrounded 
by promises of easy happiness, we need someone to tell us as religion once did, 
Memento mori: remember that you will die, that everything ends, and that 
happiness comes not in denying this but in living with it. It's a message even 
more bitter than a clove cigarette, yet, somehow, a breath of fresh air.
　　36.By citing the example of poets Wordsworth and Baudelaire， the author 
intends to show that
　　A. Poetry is not as expressive of joy as painting or music.
　　B. Art grow out of both positive and negative feeling.
　　C. Poets today are less skeptical of happiness.
　　D. Artist have changed their focus of interest.
　　37. The word “bummer”（Line 5. paragraph 5） most probably means 
something
　　A. religious
　　B. unpleasant
　　C. entertaining
　　D. commercial
　　38.In the author’s opinion， advertising
　　A. emerges in the wake of the anti-happy part.
　　B. is a cause of disappointment for the general peer
　　C. replace the church as a major source of information
　　D. creates an illusion of happiness rather than happiness itself.
　　39.We can learn from the last paragraph that the author believes
　　A .Happiness more often than not ends in sadness.
　　B. The anti-happy art is distasteful by refreshing.
　　C. Misery should be enjoyed rather than denied.
　　D .The anti-happy art flourishes when economy booms
　　40.Which of the following is true of the text？
　　A Religion once functioned as a reminder of misery.
　　B Art provides a balance between expectation and reality.
　　C People feel disappointed at the realities of morality.
　　D mass media are inclined to cover disasters and deaths.
　　答案：36、D 37、B 38、D 39、C 40、A
　　（注：36题：新航道李剑给出的答案是B；39题：恩波周固给出的答案是B）
　　2&nbsp; 