&nbsp; 
　　【来源： 恩波教育】
　　Part Ⅰ Listening Comprehension (20 minutes)
　　Section A
　　Directions：In this section,you will hear 10 short conversations. At the end of each conversation,a question will be asked about what was said. Both the conversation and the question will be spoken only once. After each question there will be a pause. During the pause,you must read the four choices marked A),B),C)and D),and decide which is the best answer. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
　　Example:
　　You will read: A) At the office. B) In the waiting room.
　　C) At the airport. D) In a restaurant.
　　From the conversation we know that the two were talking about some work they had to finish in the evening. This conversation is most likely to have taken place at the office. Therefore,A)“At the office” is the best answer. You should choose A) on the Answer Sheet and mark it with a single line through the centre.
　　Sample Answer ［A］［B］［C］［D］
　　1. A) The fourth floor. B) The fifth floor. C) The sixth floor. D) The seventh floor.
　　2. A) John bought a cheap computer. B) John bought Morris a computer.
　　C) Morris bought a computer from John. D) Morris bought a new computer.
　　3. A) Recognize Jane first. B) Tell the woman why.
　　C) Go on a diet. D) Feel at ease.
　　4. A) The white one. B) The brick one.
　　C) The prettier one. D) The better one.
　　5. A) The summer this year is terribly hot. B) Last summer was even hotter.
　　C) Hot weather helps lose weight. D) Light was stronger this morning.
　　6. A) No one on the bus was injured.
　　B) Everyone on the bus was injured.
　　C) Only one student on the bus was injured.
　　D) More than one student on the bus was injured.
　　7. A) Drawing some money. B) Opening a deposit account.
　　C) Saving much money. D) Putting money in the bank.
　　8. A) They have too little patience. B) They are not strict with students.
　　C) They are very hard on students. D) They are more hardworking than before.
　　9. A) The woman is very worried. B) The man doesn’t like thinking.
　　C) The man has done something wrong. D) The woman can do nothing for the man.
　　10. A) Because the waist was a bit too tight.
　　B) Because there wasn’t any of her size.
　　C) Because she didn’t look good in the dress.
　　D) Because the style was not what she liked.
　　Section B Compound Dictation
　　注意：听力理解的B节（Section B）为复合式听写（Compound Dictation），题目在试卷二上。现在请取出试卷二。
　　A supermarket club card is a new way for people to save money on items they buy. People used to cut out coupons (赠券)to(S1) save money. Now they use a card that looks like a(S2)credit card when they pay for items. Only people with cards can get the(S3)lower price.
　　To get a card, people must give out their name, address, and other(S4)personal information. Everything club card-users buy is (S5)stored on a computer in a file with their name on it. In the coupon days, no one kept (S6)track of the things people bought. Now, computers allow huge(S7)amounts of information to be saved.
　　In order to save money with the cards, people could lose privacy. So far, the information, or data, is private. But that could change. There are many companies who might be interested in knowing what people buy. For instance, (S8)an insurance company might want to know if their clients buy healthy food, or if people buy a lot of medicine from the store.
　　A California Senator, Debra Bowen, wants to make sure there are laws to protect data kept on computers. She says,“(S9)The laws that govern privacy really haven’t caught up with technology. ”
　　Stores that use club cards have promised to keep the information private. (S10)Some people are afraid the stores might change their minds if companies offered enough money. Some people say the information is worth as much as treasure.
》》2006年6月英语四级最新模拟试题答案详解
　　Part Ⅱ Reading Comprehension(35 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 4 passages in this part. Each passage is followed by some questions or unfinished statements. For each of them there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D). You should decide on the best choice and mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
　　Passage One
　　Questions 11 to 15 are based on the following passage.
　　The predictability of our mortality rates is something that has long puzzled social scientists. After all, there is no natural reason why 2,500 people should accidentally shoot themselves each year or why 7,000 should drown or 55,000 die in their cars. No one establishes a quota for each type of death. It just happens that they follow a consistent pattern year after year.
　　A few years ago a Canadian psychologist named Gerald Wilde became interested in this phenomenon. He noticed that mortality rates for violent and accidental deaths throughout the Western world have remained oddly static throughout the whole of the century, despite all the technological advances and increases in safety standards that have happened in that time. Wilde developed an intriguing theory called “risk homeostasis”. According to this theory, people instinctively live with a certain level of risk. When something is made safer, people will get around the measure in some way to reassert the original level of danger. If, for instance, they are required to wear seat belts, they will feel safer and thus will drive a little faster and a little more recklessly, thereby statistically canceling out the benefits that the seat belt confers. Other studies have shown that where an intersection is made safer, the accident rate invariably falls there but rises to a compensating level elsewhere along the same stretch of road. It appears, then, that we have an innate need for danger.
　　In all events, it is becoming clearer and clearer to scientists that the factors influencing our lifespan are far more subtle and complex than had been previously thought. It now appears that if you wish to live a long life, it isn’t simply a matter of adhering to certain precautions … eating the right foods, not smoking, driving with care. You must also have the right attitude. Scientists at the Duke University Medical Center made a 15-year study of 500 persons personalities and found, somewhat to their surprise, that people with a suspicious or mistrustful nature die prematurely far more often than people with a sunny disposition. Looking on the bright side, it seems, can add years to your life span.
　　11. What social scientists have long felt puzzled about is why .
　　A) the mortality rate can not be predicted
　　B) the death toll remained stable year after year
　　C) a quota for each type of death has not come into being
　　D) people lost their lives every year for this or that reason
　　12. In his research, Gerald Wilde finds that technological advances and increases in safety standards .
　　A) have helped solve the problem of so high death rate
　　B) have oddly accounted for mortality rates in the past century
　　C) have reduced mortality rates for violent and accidental deaths
　　D) have achieved no effect in bringing down the number of deaths
　　13. According to the theory of “risk homeostasis”, some traffic accidents result from .
　　A) our innate desire for risk
　　B) our fast and reckless driving
　　C) our ignorance of seat belt benefits
　　D) our instinctive interest in speeding
　　14. By saying “…statistically canceling out the benefits that the seat belt confers” (Para. 2),the author means .
　　A) wearing seat belts does not have any benefits from the statistic point of view
　　B) deaths from wearing seat belts are the same as those from not wearing them
　　C) deaths from other reasons counterbalance the benefits of wearing seat belts
　　D) wearing seat belts does not necessarily reduce deaths from traffic accidents
　　15. Which of the following may contribute to a longer life span?
　　A) Showing adequate trust instead of suspicion of others
　　B) Eating the food low in fat and driving with great care
　　C) Cultivating an optimistic personality and never losing heart
　　D) Looking on the bright side and developing a balanced level of risk
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 16 to 20 are based on the following passage.
　　In California the regulators, the utilities and the governor all want the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to cap spot (现货的) market prices. The Californians claim it will rein in outrageous prices. Federal regulators have refused. The battle is on.
　　Governor Gray Davis says,“I’m not happy with the Federal Regulatory Commission at all. They’re living in an ivory tower. If their bills were going up like the people in San Diego, they would know that this is a real problem in the real world.”
　　As part of deregulation, price caps were removed to allow for a free market. Timing is everything; natural gas prices had already skyrocketed. Demand was high from California’s booming economy. No new power plants had been built here in ten years, and power producers had the right to hike prices along with demand. And hike them they did.
　　Loretta Lynch of the Public Utilities Commission says,” This commission and all of California was beating down the door of federal regulators to say‘help us impose reasonable price caps to help to keep our market stable.”
　　Federal regulators did ask for longer-term contracts between power producers and the utilities to stabilize prices. The federal commission, unavailable for comment on this story, released a recent statement defending its position not to re-regulate.
　　Federal Energy Regulatory Commission Dec. 15,2000: “The commissions intention is to enable the markets to catch up to current supply and demand problems and not to reintroduce command and control regulation that has helped to produce the current crisis.”
　　Some energy experts believe that, without temporary price caps, the crisis will continue.
　　Severin Borenstein of the U.C. Energy Institute says,“Some federal regulators have a blind commitment to making the market work and I think part of the problem is they really dont understand whats going on.”
　　Gary Ackerman of the Western Power Trading Forum says,“He’s dead wrong about that. The federal regulators understand far better than any individual state that, though it might be painful and it certainly is painful in California, price caps don’t work. They never work.”
　　16. The battle between Californians and federal regulators is about .
　　A) control over the price of power
　　B) necessity of removing price caps
　　C) hiking the energy prices in California
　　D) a regulation concerning power supply
　　17. Governor Gray Davis was dissatisfied with the Federal Regulatory Commission because .
　　A) they did not know what the real problem was
　　B) they were living an easy life in an ivory tower
　　C) they could not experience the life in San Diego
　　D) they turned a blind eye to the situation in California
　　18. The Federal Commission uncapped the energy price with the intention to .
　　A) help California’s economy booming steadily
　　B) prevent power price from going up any further
　　C) enable the market to deal with supply and demand problems
　　D) have contracts signed between power producers and the utilities
　　19. To help keep prices from going higher, people and groups in California .
　　A) imposed reasonable price caps
　　B) beat down the door of federal regulators
　　C) urged the federal authorities to take action
　　D) struggled against federal policy to hike prices
　　20. Energy experts against price caps believe that .
　　A) the present situation in California will continue unless there is price control
　　B) the current crisis is partly attributed to previous command and control policy
　　C) price caps can temporarily solve energy problems an individual state meets with
　　D) they do understand what is going on in California and will take proper measures
》》2006年6月英语四级最新模拟试题答案详解
　　Passage Three
　　Questions 21 to 25 are based on the following passage.
　　Another cultural aspect of nonverbal communication is one that you might not think about: space. Every person perceives himself to have a sort of invisible shield surrounding his physical body. When someone comes too close, he feels uncomfortable. When he bumps onto someone, he feels obligated to apologize. But the size of a person’s “comfort zone” depends on his cultural ethnic origin. For example, in casual conversation, many Americans stand about four feet apart. In other words, they like to keep each other “at arms length”,people in Latin or Arab cultures, in contrast, stand very close to each other, and touch each other often. If someone from one of those cultures stands too close to an American while in conversation, the American may feel uncomfortable and back away.
　　When Americans are talking, they expect others to respond to what they are saying. To Americans, polite conversationalists empathize by displaying expressions of excitement or disgust, shock or sadness. People with a “poker face”, whose emotions are hidden by a deadpan expression, are looked upon with suspicion. Americans also indicate their attentiveness in a conversation by raising their eyebrows, nodding, smiling politely and maintaining good eye contact. Whereas some cultures view direct eye contact as impolite or threatening, Americans see it as a sign of genuineness and honesty. If a person doesn’t look you in the eye, American might say, you should question his motives―or assume that he doesn’t like you. Yet with all the concern for eye contact, Americans still consider staring―especially at strangers―to be rude.
　　21. What the author discussed in the previous section is most probably about .
　　A) classification of nonverbal communication
　　B) the reasons why people should think about space
　　C) the relationship between communication and space
　　D) some other cultural aspects of nonverbal communication
　　22. How far people keep to each other while talking is closely associated with their .
　　A) origin B) culture C) custom D) nationality
　　23. When an Italian talks to an Arabian on informal occasions,.
　　A) he stands about four feet away
　　B) “comfort zone” does not exist
　　C) keeping close enough is preferred
　　D) communication barriers may emerge
　　24. A “poker face” (Line 3,Para. 2) refers to a face which is .
　　A) attentive B) emotional C) suspicious D) expressionless
　　25. In a conversation between friends, Americans regard it as sincere and truthful to .
　　A) maintain direct eye contact
　　B) hide emotions with a deadpan expression
　　C) display excitement or disgust, shock or sadness
　　D) raise their eyebrows,nod and smile politely
　　Passage Four
　　Questions 26 to 30 are based on the following passage.
　　We all know that DNA has the ability to identify individuals but, because it is inherited, there are also regions of the DNA strand which can relate an individual to his or her family (immediate and extended), tribal group and even an entire population. Molecular Genealogy (宗谱学) can use this unique identification provided by the genetic markers to link people together into family trees. Pedigrees (家谱) based on such genetic markers can mean a breakthrough for family trees where information is incomplete or missing due to adoption, illegitimacy or lack of records. There are many communities and populations which have lost precious records due to tragic events such as the fire in the Irish courts during Civil War in 1921 or American slaves for whom many records were never kept in the first place.
　　The main objective of the Molecular Genealogy Research Group is to build a database containing over 100,000 DNA samples from individuals all over the world. These individuals will have provided a pedigree chart of at least four generations and a small blood sample. Once the database has enough samples to represent the world genetic make-up, it will eventually help in solving many issues regarding genealogies that could not be done by relying only on traditional written records. Theoretically, any individual will someday be able to trace his or her family origins through this database.
　　In the meantime, as the database is being created, molecular genealogy can already verify possible or suspected relationships between individuals. “For example, if two men sharing the same last name believe that they are related, but no written record proves this relationship, we can verify this possibility by collecting a sample of DNA from both and looking for common markers (in this case we can look primarily at the Y chromosome (染色体)),” explains Ugo A. Perego, a member of the BYU Molecular Genealogy research team.
　　26. People in a large area may possess the same DNA thread because .
　　A) DNA is characteristic of a region
　　B) they are beyond doubt of common ancestry
　　C) DNA strand has the ability to identify individuals
　　D) their unique identification can be provided via DNA
　　27. The possible research of family trees is based on the fact that .
　　A) genetics has achieved a breakthrough
　　B) genetic information contained in DNA can be revealed now
　　C) each individual carries a unique record of who he is and how he is related to others
　　D) we can use DNA to prove how distant an individual is to a family, a group or a population
　　28. The Molecular Genealogy Research Group is building a database for the purpose of .
　　A) offering assistance in working out genealogy-related problems
　　B) solving many issues without relying on traditional written records
　　C) providing a pedigree chart of at least four generations in the world
　　D) confirming the assumption that all individuals are of the same origin
　　29. If two men suspected for some reason they have a common ancestor, .
　　A) we can decide according to their family tree
　　B) we can find the truth from their genetic markers
　　C) we can compare the differences in their Y chromosome
　　D) we can look for written records to prove their relationship
　　30. Which of the following CANNOT be inferred from the passage?
　　A) We are a walking,living,breathing record of our ancestors
　　B) Many American slaves did not know who their ancestors were.
　　C) An adopted child generally lacks enough information to prove his identity.
　　D) Molecular genealogy can be used to prove a relationship between individuals.
》》2006年6月英语四级最新模拟试题答案详解
　　Part ⅢVocabulary(20 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 30 incomplete sentences in this part. For each sentence there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D). Choose the ONE answer that best completes the sentence. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer Sheet with a single line through the centre.
　　31. WTO is regarded by some countries as an access to foreign markets rather than as a for opening up the home market.
　　A) commerce B) committee C) commitment D) commission
　　32. We should recognize that every company and every person is part of a long of customers and suppliers.
　　A) pool B) line C) stream D) chain
　　33. Today the small town is better against flood than it was 20 years ago.
　　A) protected B) prevented C) preserved D) prepared
　　34. Did you mean I should keep the receipt? Im afraid I have .
　　A) run it over B) torn it up C) taken it apart D) shaken it off
　　35. Unlike photocopies of books, the digital copies are virtually in quality to the original.
　　A) similar B) identical C) resembling D) alike
　　36. The price of fresh vegetables according to the weather.
　　A) fluctuates B) increases C) soars D) maintains
　　37. Your proposal looks good ,but I am not convinced it can be put into effect.
　　A) on paper B) at sight C) under cover D) in bulk
　　38. The government that refuses to meet the needs of its people must bear the .
　　A) results B) outcomes C) effects D) consequences
　　39. The elderly people in this country are entitled to a special heating allowance from the government when they pass the age of sixty.
　　A) claim B) declare C) inquire D) apply
　　40. The snow has been steadily for hours and the ground is completely covered.
　　A) showering B) dropping C) descending D) falling
　　41. The hostess went to great to make the child comfortable and feel at home.
　　A) efforts B) lengths C) heights D) details
　　42. You said the post office is on this block, can you be a bit more ?
　　A) particular B) specific C) abstract D) especial
　　43. His composition was so confusing that I could hardly make any of it whatsoever.
　　A) meaning B) message C) information D) sense
　　44. I am afraid that you have to alter your views in light of the tragic news that has just arrived.
　　A) optimistic B) distressing C) indifferent D) pessimistic
　　45. As the saying goes, reading without reflecting is like eating without .
　　A) chewing B) tasting C) digesting D) releasing
　　46. All of us did quite a good job but the teacher only him out for praise.
　　A) yelled B) singled C) selected D) pulled
　　47. Without a sure supply of water, farming in that area remains at the of the weather.
　　A) disposal B) risk C) cost D) mercy
　　48. Industrial communities should be close enough to crowded centers but enough to reduce potential dangers.
　　A) advanced B) reliable C) distant D) sophisticated
　　49. She had a guilty about not telling the police what had actually happened.
　　A) consciousness B) conscience C) consequence D) confusion
　　50. There is a beautiful of pine forest near my country house.
　　A) extension B) length C) spell D) stretch
　　51. We’ve all our time and effort in this plan, and we don’t want it to fail.
　　A) invested B) exhausted C) devoted D) assigned
　　52. The workers demands were，they only asked for a small raise in their wages.
　　A) general B) moderate C) partial D) numerous
　　53. You should know to spend all your money on those impractical fancy goods.
　　A) other than B) rather than C) more than D) better than
　　54. Everybody seemed to have known about his scandal, only his wife was kept in the .
　　A) dark B) ignorance C) shade D) shadow
　　55. All students in the class a loud laugh when the professor told them a joke.
　　A) let up B) let down C) let off D) let out
　　56. It can be safely that there is no living beings on that planet.
　　A) resumed B) assessed C) assumed D) assured
　　57. There are certain when you have to interrupt people who are in the middle of doing something.
　　A) chances B) situations C) occasions D) opportunities
　　58. Mother into the room and kissed her sleeping baby.
　　A) crept B) staggered C) rushed D) marched
　　59. The building started with a steel which was later filled in with bricks and concrete.
　　A) institution B) terminal C) sightseeing D) framework
　　60. This book does not have an structure. Some parts are even contradictory .
　　A) integrated B) informed C) intensive D) inward
》》2006年6月英语四级最新模拟试题答案详解
　　Part ⅣCloze(15 minutes)
　　Directions: There are 20 blanks in the following passage. For each blank there are four choices marked A),B),C)and D)on the right side of the paper. You should choose the ONE that best fits into the passage. Then mark the corresponding letter on the Answer sheet with a single line through the centre.
　　A food bank is the center of food collection and distribution in a community. This food usually 61 from grocery stores or manufacturers that have thousands of pounds of food to give 62 . Food banks operate intricate and advanced warehousing operations, 63 food is collected, 64 and re-distributed to the community. Traditionally, a food bank does not distribute food 65 to those in 66 . 67 ,food banks serve an 68 network of organizations in their 69 communities. These organizations serve one part of the 70 and know the needs of the people there. 71 ,working together, the food bank and the community organization can serve a greater 72 of people in the most efficient way.
　　Many food banks provide 73 services. They 74 from after school feeding programs, 75 Kids Cafe,to community agriculture projects.
　　In the aftermath (其后的一段时期) of welfare reform, food banks throughout the country are raising private 76 to operate innovative programs and to 77 those who are hungry. Every food bank strives to be a hunger advocate,producing 78 studies and tracking statistics, while lending their hands-on expertise to get legislation passed and ensuring that the 79 of domestic hunger is not lost in the shadow of an “ 80 boom”.
　　61. A) results B) collects C) comes D) gathers
　　62. A) away B) out C) over D) off
　　63. A) which B) where C) what D) how
　　64. A) accepted B) offered C) processed D) sorted
　　65. A) instantly B) directly C) voluntarily D) readily
　　66. A) need B) haste C) debt D) order
　　67. A) However B) Otherwise C) Instead D) Certainly
　　68. A) abnormal B) optional C) imaginary D) extensive
　　69. A) individual B) respective C) special D) widespread
　　70. A) organization B) bank C) operation D) community
　　71. A) Therefore B) Nevertheless C) Still D) Conversely
　　72. A) amount B) deal C) number D) quantity
　　73. A) regular B) other C) daily D) depositing
　　74. A) change B) alter C) differ D) range
　　75. A) including B) providing C) managing D) distributing
　　76. A) demands B) properties C) funds D) plans
　　77. A) shelter B) feed C) clothe D) finance
　　78. A) poverty B) welfare C) hunger D) food
　　79. A) issue B) policy C) reform D) project
　　80. A) economical B) economics C) economy D) economic
　　Part ⅤWriting(30 minutes)
　　Directions: For this part, you are allowed 30 minutes to write A Letter Applying for a Bank Loan. You should write at least 120 words following the outline given below in Chinese.
　　1． 你的基本情况
　　2． 你申请贷款的原因、数额及用途
　　3． 你如何保证专款专用以及你的还款打算
》》2006年6月英语四级最新模拟试题答案详解2&nbsp; 