
　　【来源： 恩波教育】
　　下面这三篇篇作文兼顾了不同层次的同学，用词和句型都力求简洁。大家有空可以琢磨一下其中可以学习的地方。
　　1 .Graduate Study or a Job
　　2. Advantages and Disadvantages of the Mobile Phone
　　3. Salary or Interest
　　1 .Graduate Study or a Job
　　To land a decent job, or to pursue graduate study? It is really a dilemma 
when the alternatives are presented in front of us.
　　It is beyond doubt that some active and ambitious students will not 
hesitate a moment to choose the former .They are eager to demonstrate their 
abilities and value . They assert that a college education is enough. Think of 
Bill Gates, the Microsoft Chairman, whose success raises doubts about the worth 
of a MBA degree.
　　As far as I'm concerned ,I believe that we have every reason to prefer the 
latter choice in such an era when knowledge is expanding at an astonishing speed 
.The demands for us to promote both our knowledge and skills are becoming 
increasingly urgent . So we should keep exploring in the treasure house of 
knowledge to enrich ourselves and make us more adapted to the competitive 
society . Needless to say ,a graduate study is a wise choice . If we hurry into 
the society before we get well prepared , we will only find that our knowledge 
is so limited in this increasingly competitive society.
　　Keep on learning and you will never regret!
　　2. Advantages and Disadvantages of the Mobile Phone
　　With the rapid economic development, the mobile phone has found its way to 
campuses and a host of students take advantage of this wonderful gadget to 
communicate with each other. This phenomenon gives rise to this question: What 
are the advantages and disadvantages of the mobile phone?
　　It is widely believed that it greatly facilitates students' campus life. 
Many instances could be found to support this type of opinion. A graduating 
student in our university bought a mobile phone in the course of hunting for his 
job. He told me that with the mobile phone he could easily keep in touch with 
the employer of the company he intends to work with and would not miss any 
opportunities.
　　The mobile phone , however, also has many disadvantages. For instance, the 
ringing of the mobile phone often disturbs the teacher's teaching and other 
students' learning.
　　Personally, the advantages of the mobile phone outweigh the disadvantages 
of it as long as we don't interfere with others while using it.
　　3. Salary or Interest
　　Upon graduation, many college students are confronted with the problem of 
the career choice. It is truly a tough choice. Students' opinions differ greatly 
in this issue. Some hold that priority should be given to the interest in one's 
job, while others take the opposing view and they claim that salary is the most 
critical factor influencing their career choices.
　　As to myself, I prefer the latter view. A well-paid job exerts a tremendous 
fascination on a great number of people, with no exception to me. Although it 
might be impossible to measure the value of one’s job in terms of money, salary 
counts most when I choose my future career. In my belief, our career choices 
largely depend on how and where we have been brought up. I come from a poor 
urban family and my parents were both laid-off workers. In order to finance my 
tuition, they have been working hard for the past four years. As the only son in 
my family, I have to shoulder the burden of supporting my family.
　　In short, salary is the first and only consideration in my choice of 
career.
　　