
　　为帮助各位网友更好地备考英语四六级作文考试，特对四六级写作存在的典型错误用例文进行精彩点评。由于下面一些例文中错误较多，点评时只是列举了部分的典型错误，而且为了保持原文面貌，编辑没有做过多的改动，所以欢迎大家一起来挑错，有问题一起讨论。
　　英语四级作文题目： “Women in the Modern World”
　　英语四级作文提纲：
　　1. Women are playing an increasingly important part in society 
today.________
　　2. With the changes in their social role, women’s position in the family 
has been improved as well. ______
　　3. In spite of these changes, the liberation of women has not been 
completely realized. __
　　例1． （2分段）
　　Women are playing an increasingly important part in society today. Long 
age, women only did something in the kitchen or at home. Now many of them have 
serious jobs to serve for people. What men can do so can women.
　　With the changes in their social role, women’s position in the family has 
been improved as well. Today in the family, the wife often lots her husband to 
do something at home bat ago, only women did something. Men are foned of doing 
something at home.
　　In spite of these changes, the liberation of women has not been completely 
realized. Sometimes, the matter, the husband hitting has welf, often happened. 
In the factory the wonmen to as much as the men, but they are paid less than the 
men. Some people have not completely realized the liberation of women.
　　东方教育点评：条理不清，思路紊乱，大部分句子均有错误，有的甚至影响理解。具体问题剖析如下：
　　(1)缺乏逻辑，东一句西一句，没有围绕中心论述，如第一段就没有展开论述妇女社会角色的转变，说得太笼统而缺乏说服力。
　　（2）用汉语思维，句子有明显的汉语痕迹，如“What men can do so can women.”，应改为“Women can do what 
men can do”。
　　（3）衔接不自然，没有用适当的关联词，如“Sometimes, the matter, the husband hitting has welf, 
often happened”，应改为“The case that husband hits his wife often happens. ”
　　（4）拼写错误很多，大部分句子均有错误。
　　例2．（5分段 ）
　　Women are playing an increasingly important part in society today. In 
today, many women have a work. They worked as well as men playing an important 
part in factories. There are many women in government also. They lead other 
people country, and make out plans. There are many scientist slso. They event 
new things to improve our life.
　　With the changes in their social role, women’s position in the family has 
been improved as well. In ancient, women’s position in family is pity. They had 
to looks after their children, did every how husband ordered her to do. But now 
it is changed. They are equal to her husband. They have the right of speaking of 
idea, discussion thing with her husband, do what she wants to do.
　　In spite of these changes, the liberation of women has not been completely 
realized. We also should realize, women’ likerty are limited. For example, many 
factories want men become its workers but the chance of women is less than men. 
Everyone should do their best to change this condition. I’m sure, the liberation 
of women would be increased.
　　专家点评：切题。论证充分，有说服力，论证手段丰富（举例、正反）表达思想清楚，语言流畅，词汇丰富，连贯性好。用词准确，仅有个别小错误。