
　　06.01.07
　　Some people believe they should keep all the money they have earned and 
should not pay tax to the state. Do you agree or disagree?
　　06.01.14
　　There are social, medical and technical problems associated with the use of 
mobile phones. What forms do they take? Do you agree that the problems outweigh 
the benefits of mobile phones?
　　06.01.21
　　Today, the advanced science and technology have made great changes to 
people's life, but artists such as musicians, painters and writers are still 
highly valued. What can arts tell us about life that science and technology 
cannot?
　　06.02.11
　　In many countries, the proportion of older people is steadily increasing. 
Does this trend have more positive or negative effects on the society?
　　06.02.18
　　Some people believe that air travel should be restricted because it causes 
serious pollution and uses up the world's fuel resources. To what extent do you 
agree or disagree?
　　06.02.25
　　More and more measures to improve the security in large urban areas have 
been introduced in many countries because of the increased crime. Do the 
benefits of these measures outweigh the drawbacks?
　　06.03.11
　　In many countries more and more young people are leaving school but unable 
to find jobs. What problems do you think youth unemployment causes for 
individuals and the society? What measures should be taken to reduce the level 
of unemployment among youngsters?
　　06.03.18
　　Some people think that teachers should be responsible for teaching students 
to judge what is right and wrong so that they can behave well. Others say that 
teachers should only teach students academic subjects. Discuss both views and 
give your opinion.
　　06.03.25
　　One long-distance flight consumes fuel which a cars uses in several years¨ 
time, but they cause the same amount of pollution. So some people think that we 
should discourage non-essential flights, such as tourist travel, rather than to 
limit the use of cars. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
　　06.04.08
　　In the last century when a human astronaut first arrived on the Moon he 
said: "It is a big step for mankind". But some people think it makes little 
difference to our daily life. To what extent do you agree or disagree?
　　06.04.22
　　Some people think history has nothing or little to tell us, but others 
think that studying the past history can help us better understand the present. 
Please discuss the two views and give your own opinion.
　　╂還苅採湲廃屠治