
　　绿色象征生命，红色象征热情，黄色是收获之色，紫色代表高贵……颜色之间也要一争高下，比比谁更重要。斑斓世界，五颜六色，一个也不能少。看那雨后的彩虹，也许你会因此而相信唯有手拉手，肩并肩，才能创造出美丽和希望。热爱自己，珍惜他人，明天更美好。
　　Once upon a time the colors of the world started to quarrel.
　　All claimed that they were the best. The most important. The most useful. 
The favorite.
　　Green said:
　　"Clearly I am the most important. I am the sign of life and of hope. I was 
chosen for grass, trees and leaves. Without me, all animals would die. Look over 
the countryside and you will see that I am in the majority."
　　Blue interrupted:
　　"You only think about the earth, but consider the sky and the sea. It is 
the water that is the basis of life and drawn up by the clouds from the deep 
sea. The sky gives space and peace and serenity. Without my peace, you would all 
be nothing."
　　Yellow chuckled:
　　"You are all so serious. I bring laughter, gaiety, and warmth into the 
world. The sun is yellow, the moon is yellow, the stars are yellow. Every time 
you look at a sunflower, the whole world starts to smile. Without me there would 
be no fun."
　　Orange started next to blow her trumpet:
　　"I am the color of health and strength. I may be scarce, but I am precious 
for I serve the needs of human life. I carry the most important vitamins. Think 
of carrots, pumpkins, oranges, mangoes, and papayas. I don't hang around all the 
time, but when I fill the sky at sunrise or sunset, my beauty is so striking 
that no one gives another thought to any of you."
　　Red could stand it no longer he shouted out:
　　"I am the ruler of all of you. I am blood - life's blood! I am the color of 
danger and of bravery. I am willing to fight for a cause. I bring fire into the 
blood. Without me, the earth would be as empty as the moon. I am the color of 
passion and of love, the red rose, the poinsettia and the poppy."
　　Purple rose up to his full height:
　　He was very tall and spoke with great pomp: "I am the color of royalty and 
power. Kings, chiefs, and bishops have always chosen me for I am the sign of 
authority and wisdom. People do not question me! They listen and obey."
　　Finally Indigo spoke, much more quietly than all the others, but with just 
as much determination: "Think of me. I am the color of silence. You hardly 
notice me, but without me you all become superficial. I represent thought and 
reflection, twilight and deep water. You need me for balance and contrast, for 
prayer and inner peace."
　　And so the colors went on boasting, each convinced of his or her own 
superiority. Their quarreling became louder and louder. Suddenly there was a 
startling flash of bright lightening thunder rolled and boomed. Rain started to 
pour down relentlessly. The colors crouched down in fear, drawing close to one 
another for comfort.
　　In the midst of the clamor, rain began to speak:
　　"You foolish colors, fighting amongst yourselves, each trying to dominate 
the rest. Don't you know that you were each made for a special purpose, unique 
and different? Join hands with one another and come to me."
　　Doing as they were told, the colors united and joined hands.
　　The rain continued:
　　"From now on, when it rains, each of you will stretch across the sky in a 
great bow of color as a reminder that you can all live in peace. The Rainbow is 
a sign of hope for tomorrow." And so, whenever a good rain washes the world, and 
a Rainbow appears in the sky, let us remember to appreciate one another.
　　