
　　2005定12埖寄僥哂囂膨雫深編油薦MP3壓瀛毀Section A 何蛍
&nbsp;
　　和墮仇峽叉禹緩侃和墮
　　Part I Listening Comprehension 20 
minutes)
　　Section A
　　1A)See a doctor
　　B) Stay in bed for a few days.
　　C) Get treatment in a better hospital.
　　D)Make a phone call to the doctor.
　　2A) The 2:00 train will arrive earlier.
　　B)The 2:30 train has a dining car.
　　C) The woman prefers to take the 2:30 train.
　　D) they are gong to have some fast food on the train.
　　3A) She has been longing to attend Harvard University.
　　B)She¨ll consider the man¨s suggestion carefully.
　　C)She has finished her project with Dr. Garcia¨s help.
　　D)She¨ll consult Dr. Garcia about entering graduate school.
　　4A)Alice didn¨t seem to be nervous during her speech.
　　B)Alice needs more training in making public speeches.
　　C)The man can hardly understand Alice¨s presentation.
　　D)The man didn¨t think highly of Alice¨s presentation.
　　5A)It¨s worse than 30 years ago.
　　B)It remains almost the same as before.
　　C)There are more extremes in the weather.
　　D)There has been a significant rise in temperature.
　　6A)At a publishing house.
　　B)At a bookstore.
　　C)In a reading room
　　D)In Prof. Jordan¨s office
　　7A)The man can stay in her brother¨s apartment.
　　B)Her brother can help the man find a cheaper hotel.
　　C) Her brother can find an apartment for the man.
　　D)The man should have booked a less expensive hotel.
　　8A)Priority should be given to listening.
　　B)It¨s most helpful to read English newspapers every day.
　　C) It¨s more effective to combine listening with reading.
　　D)Reading should come before listening.
　　9A)It can help solve complex problems.
　　B)It will most likely prove ineffective
　　C)It is a new weapon against terrorists.
　　D)It will help detect all kinds of liars.
　　10A)Help the company recruit graduate students.
　　B)Visit the electronics company next week.
　　C)Get apart-time job on campus before graduation.
　　D)Apply for a job in the electronics company
　　Section B
　　Passage One
　　Questions 11 to 13 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　11A)It ha been proven to be the best pain-killer.
　　B)It is a possible cure for heart disease.
　　C)It can help lower high body temperature effectively.
　　D)It reduces the chance of death for heart surgery patients.
　　12A)It keeps blood vessels from being blocked.
　　B)It speeds up their recovery after surgery.
　　C)It in creases the blood flow to the heart.
　　D)It adjusts their blood pressure.
　　13A)It is harmful to heart surgery patients with stomach bleeding.
　　B)It should not be taken by heart surgery patients before the 
operation.
　　C)It will have considerable side effects if taken in large doses.
　　D)It should not be given to patients immediately after the operation.
　　Passage Two
　　Questions 14 to 16 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　14A)They strongly believe in family rules.
　　B)They are very likely to succeed in life.
　　C)They tend to take responsibility for themselves
　　D)They are in the habit of obeying their parents.
　　15A)They grow up to be funny and charming.
　　B)They often have a poor sense of direction.
　　C)They get less attention from their parents.
　　D)They tend to be smart and strong-willed.
　　16A)They usually don¨t follow family rules.
　　B)They don¨t like to take chances in their lives.
　　C)They are less likely to be successful in life.
　　D)They tend to believe in their parent¨s ideas.
　　Passage Three
　　Questions 17 to 20 are based on the passage you have just heard.
　　17A)They wanted to follow his example.
　　B)They fully supported his undertaking.
　　C)They were puzzled by his decision.
　　D)They were afraid he wasn¨t fully prepared.
　　18A)It is more exciting than space travel.
　　B)It is much cheaper than space travel.
　　C)It is much safer than space travel.
　　D)It is less time-consuming than space travel.
　　19A)They both attract scientists¨ attention
　　B)They can both be quite challenging
　　C)They are both thought-provoking.
　　D)They may both lead to surprising findings.
　　20A)To show how simple the mechanical aids for diving can be.
　　B)To provide an excuse for his changeable character.
　　C)To explore the philosophical issues of space travel.
　　D)To explain why he took up underwater exploration.
　　朶隶牽
　　1-10ACDAC BACBD
　　11-20　DAABC ACBBD
　　2005定12埖24哂囂膨雫油薦圻猟
　　Section A
　　1. W: Carol told us on the phone not to worry about her. Her left leg 
doesn¨t hurt as much as it did yesterday.
　　M: She¨d better have it examined by a doctor anyway. And I will call her 
about it this evening.
　　Q: What does the man think Carol should do?
　　2. M: There is a non-stop train for Washington and it leaves at 2:30.
　　W: It¨s faster than the 2 o¨clock train. Besides, we can have something to 
eat before getting on the train.
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　3. M: Hi, Melissa, how¨s your project going? Have you thought about going 
to graduate school?　Perhaps you can get into Harvard.
　　W: Everything is coming along really well. I have been thinking about 
graduate school. But I¨ll talk to my tutor Dr. Garcia first and see what she 
thinks.
　　Q: What do you learn about the woman from the conversation?
　　4. W: Did you attend Alice¨s presentation last night? It was the first time 
for her to give a speech to a large audience.
　　M: How she could be so calm in front of so many people is really beyond 
me!
　　Q: What do we learn from the conversation?
　　5. W: You¨ve been doing weather reports for neatly 30 years. Has the 
weather got any worse in all these years?
　　M: Well, not necessarily worse. But we are seeing more swings.
　　Q: What does the man say about the weather?
　　6. M: Excuse me, I am looking for the textbook by a Professor Jordon for 
the marketing course.
　　W: I am afraid it¨s out of stock. You¨ll have to order it. And it will take 
the publisher 3 weeks to send it to us.
　　Q: Where did this conversation most probably take place?
　　7. M: I am going to New York next week, but the hotel I booked is really 
expensive.
　　W: Why book a hotel? My brother has 2 spare rooms in his apartment.
　　Q: What does the woman mean?
　　8. W: In my opinion, watching the news on TV is a good way to learn 
English. What do you think?
　　M: It would be better if you could check the same information in English 
newspapers afterwards.
　　Q: What does the man say about learning English?
　　9. M: I hear a newly-invented drug can make people tell the truth and it 
may prove useful in questioning terrorists. Isn¨t it incredible?
　　W: Simple solutions to complex problems rarely succeed. As far as I know, 
no such drugs are ever known to work.
　　Q: What does the woman think of the new drug?
　　10. M: You know the electronics company is coming to our campus to recruit 
graduate students next week.
　　W: Really? What day? I¨d like to talk to them and hand in my resume.
　　Q: What does the woman want to do?
　　Section B
　　Passage one
　　A new study reports the common drug aspirin greatly reduces life 
threatening problems after an operation to replace blocked blood vessels to the 
heart. More than 800,000 people around the world have this heart surgery each 
year. The doctors who carried out the study say giving aspirin to patients soon 
after the operation could save thousands of lives. People usually take aspirin 
to control pain and reduce high body temperature. Doctors also advise some 
people to take aspirin to help prevent heart attacks. About 10-15 percent of 
these heart operations end in death or damage to the heart or other organs. The 
new study shows that even a small amount of aspirin reduced such threats. The 
doctors said the chance of death for patients who took aspirin would fall by 
67%. They claimed this was true if the aspirin was given within 48 hours of the 
operation. The doctors believe aspirin helps heart surgery patients because it 
can prevent blood from thickening and blood vessels from being blocked. However, 
the doctors warned that people who have stomach bleeding or other bad reactions 
from aspirin should not take it after heart surgery.
　　Q11. What is the finding of the new study of aspirin?
　　Q12. In what way can aspirin help heart surgery patients according to the 
doctors?
　　Q13. What warning did the doctors give about the use of aspirin?
　　Passage Two
　　Were you the first or the last child in you family? Or were you a middle or 
an only child? Some people think it matters where you were born in you family. 
But there are different ideas about what birth order means. Some people say that 
oldest children are smart and strong-willed. They are very likely to be 
successful. The reason for this is simple. Parents have a lot of time for their 
first child, they give him or her a lot of attention. So this child is very 
likely to do well. An only child will succeed for the same reason. What happens 
to the other children in the family? Middle children don¨t get so much 
attention, so they don¨t feel that important. If a family has many children, the 
middle one sometimes gets lost in the crowd. The youngest child, though, often 
gets special treatment. He or she is the baby. Often this child grows up to be 
funny and charming. Do you believe these ideas of birth order too? A recent 
study saw things quite differently. The study found that first children believed 
in family rules. They didn¨t take many chances in their lives. They usually 
followed orders. Rules didn¨t mean as much to later children in the family. They 
went out and followed their own ideas. They took chances and they often did 
better in life.
　　Q14. According to common belief, in what way are the first child and the 
only child alike?
　　Q15. What do people usually say about middle children?
　　Q16. what do we learn about later children in a family from a recent study 
of birth order?
　　Passage Three
　　When my interest shifted from space to the sea, I never expected it would 
cause such confusion among my friends, yet I can understand their feelings. As I 
have been writing and talking about space flight for the best part of 20 years, 
a sudden switch of interest to the depth of the sea doer seem peculiar. To 
explain, I¨d like to share my reasons behind this unusual change of mind. The 
first excuse I give is an economic one. Underwater exploration is so much 
cheaper than space flight. The first round-trip ticket to the moon is going to 
cost at least 10 billion dollars if you include research and development. By the 
end of this century, the cost will be down to a few million. On the other hand, 
the diving suit and a set of basic tools needed for skin-diving can be bought 
for 20 dollars. My second argument is more philosophical. The ocean, 
surprisingly enough, has many things in common with space. In their different 
ways, both sea and space are equally hostile. If we wish to survive in either 
for any length of time, we need to have mechanical aids. The diving suit helped 
the design of the space suit. The feelings and the emotions of a man beneath the 
sea will be much like those of a man beyond the atmosphere.
　　Q17. How did the speaker¨s friends respond to his change of interest?
　　Q18. What is one of the reasons for the speaker to switch his interest to 
underwater exploration?
　　Q19. In what way does the speaker think diving is similar to space 
travel?
　　Q20. What is the speaker¨s purpose in giving this talk?
　　