　　【来源：北京太奇培训学校】
　　2007北京太奇培训学校考研英语强化班授课讲义(五) 
　　I. Reading Comprehension: 内部资料 翻印必究
　　Text 1 [2006, RC Text 3]
　　When prehistoric man arrived in new parts of the world, something strange happened to the large animals: they suddenly became extinct. Smaller species survived. The large, slow-growing animals were easy game, and were quickly hunted to extinction. Now something similar could be happening in the oceans.
　　That the seas are being overfished has been known for years. What researchers such as Ransom Myers and Boris Worm have shown is just how fast things are changing. They have looked at half a century of data from fisheries around the world. Their methods do not attempt to estimate the actual biomass (the amount of living biological matter) of fish species in particular parts of the ocean, but rather changes in that biomass over time. According to their latest paper published in Nature, the biomass of large predators (animals that kill and eat other animals) in a new fishery is reduced on average by 80% within 15 years of the start of exploitation. In some long-fished areas, it has halved again since then.
　　Dr. Worm acknowledges that these figures are conservative. One reason for this is that fishing technology has improved. Today’s vessels -- can find their prey using satellites and sonar, which were not available 50 years ago. That means a higher proportion of what is in the sea is being caught, so the real difference between present and past is likely to be worse than the one recorded by changes in catch sizes. In the early days, too, longlines would have been more saturated with fish. Some individuals would therefore not have been caught, since no baited hooks would have been available to trap them, leading to an underestimate of fish stocks in the past. Furthermore, in the early days of longline fishing, a lot of fish were lost to sharks after they had been hooked. That is no longer a problem, because there are fewer sharks around now.
　　Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm argue that their work gives a correct baseline, which future management efforts must take into account. They believe the data support an idea current among marine biologists, that of the "shifting baseline". The notion is that people have failed to detect the massive changes which have happened in the ocean because they have been looking back only a relatively short time into the past. That matters because theory suggests that the maximum sustainable yield that can be cropped from a fishery comes when the biomass of a target species is about 50% of its original levels. Most fisheries are well below that, which is a bad way to do business. (431 words)
　　Notes: game 猎物。vessel 轮船。sonar 声纳定位仪。longline 长线多钩（捕鱼工具）。take … into account 把…考虑进去。
　　1. The extinction of large prehistoric animals is noted to suggest that
　　[A] large animals were vulnerable to the changing environment.
　　[B] small species survived as large animals disappeared.
　　[C] large sea animals may face the same threat today.
　　[D] slow-growing fish outlive fast-growing ones.
　　2. We can infer from Dr. Myers and Dr. Worm’s paper that
　　[A] the stock of large predators in some old fisheries has reduced by 90%.
　　[B] there are only half as many fisheries as there were 15 years ago.
　　[C] the catch sizes in new fisheries are only 20% of the original amount.
　　[D] the number of large predators dropped faster in new fisheries than in the old.
　　3. By saying "these figures are conservative" (Line 1, Paragraph 3), Dr. Worm means that
　　[A] fishing technology has improved rapidly. [B] the catch-sizes are actually smaller than recorded.
　　[C] the marine biomass has suffered a greater loss. [D] the data collected so far are out of date.
　　4. Dr. Myers and other researchers hold that
　　[A] people should look for a baseline that can work for a longer time.
　　[B] fisheries should keep their yields below 50% of the biomass.
　　[C] the ocean biomass should be restored to its original level.
　　[D] people should adjust the fishing baseline to the changing situation.
　　5. The author seems to be mainly concerned with most fisheries’
　　[A] management efficiency. [B] biomass level. [C] catch-size limits. [D] technological application.
　　Text 2 [2004 RC Text 3]
　　When it comes to the slowing economy, Ellen Spero isn’t biting her nails just yet. But the 47-year-old manicurist isn’t cutting, filing or polishing as many nails as she’d like to. Most of her clients spend $12 to $50 weekly, but last month two longtime customers suddenly stopped showing up. Spero blames the softening economy. “I’m a good economic indicator,” she says. “I provide a service that people can do without when they’re concerned about saving some dollars.” So Spero is downscaling, shopping at a middle-brow Dillard’s department store near her suburban Cleveland home, instead of Neiman Marcus. “I don’t know if other clients are going to abandon me, too.” she says.
　　Even before Alan Greenspan’s admission that America’s red-hot economy is cooling, lots of working folks had already seen signs of the slowdown themselves. From car dealerships to Gap outlets, sales have been lagging for months as shoppers temper their spending. For retailers, who last year took in 24 percent of their revenue between Thanksgiving and Christmas, the cautious approach is coming at a crucial time. Already, experts say, holiday sales are off 7 percent from last year’s pace. But don’t sound any alarms just yet. Consumers seem only mildly concerned, not panicked, and many say they remain optimistic about the economy’s long-term prospects, even as they do some modest belt-tightening.
　　Consumers say they’re not in despair because, despite the dreadful headlines, their own fortunes still feel pretty good. Home prices are holding steady in most regions. In Manhattan, “there’s a new gold rush happening in the $4 million to $10 million range, predominantly fed by Wall Street bonuses,” says broker Barbara Corcoran. In San Francisco, prices are still rising even as frenzied overbidding quiets. “Instead of 20 to 30 offers, now maybe you only get two or three,” says John Deadly, a Bay Area real-estate broker. And most folks still feel pretty comfortable about their ability to find and keep a job.
　　Many folks see silver linings to this slowdown. Potential home buyers would cheer for lower interest rates. Employers wouldn’t mind a little fewer bubbles in the job market. Many consumers seem to have been influenced by stock-market swings, which investors now view as a necessary ingredient to a sustained boom. Diners might see an upside, too. Getting a table at Manhattan’s hot new Alain Ducasse restaurant used to be impossible. Not anymore. For that, Greenspan &amp; Co. may still be worth toasting. (402 words)
　　Notes：when it comes to … 当谈到…时。manicurist指甲修剪师。Gap outlets Gap休闲装直销店。 temper n. 脾气，情绪；vt. 缓和，减少。real-estate broker 房地产经纪人。frenzied 狂乱的。overbidding 拍卖时出高价压倒别人。gold rush 淘金热。lining （衣服）衬里，里子。toast vt. 向…祝酒。
　　1. By “Ellen Spero isn’t biting her nails just yet” (Line 1, Paragraph 1), the author means
　　A. Spero can hardly maintain her business. B. Spero is too much engaged in her work.
　　C. Spero has grown out of her bad habit. D. Spero is not in a desperate situation.
　　2. How do the public feel about the current economic situation?
　　A. Optimistic. B. Confused. C. Carefree. D. Panicked.
　　3. When mentioning “the $4 million to $10 million range” (Paragraph 3) the author is talking about
　　A. gold market. B. real estate. C. stock exchange. D. venture investment.
　　4. Why can many people see “silver linings” to the economic slowdown?
　　A. They would benefit in certain ways. B. The stock market shows signs of recover.
　　C. Such a slowdown usually precedes a boom. D. The purchasing power would be enhanced
　　To which of the following is the author likely to agree?
　　A. A new boom, on the horizon. B. Tighten the belt, the single remedy.
　　C. Caution all right, panic not. D. The more ventures, the more chances.
　　Text 3
　　Historians have only recently begun to note the increase in demand for luxury goods and services that took place in eighteenth-century England. McKendrick has explored the Wedgwood firm’s remarkable success in marketing luxury pottery; Plumb has written about the rapid increase of provincial theaters, musical festivals, and children’s toys and books. While the fact of this consumer revolution is hardly in doubt, three key questions remain: Who were the consumers? What were their motives? And what were the effects of the new demand for luxuries?
　　An answer to the first of these has been difficult to obtain. Although it has been possible to infer from the goods and services actually produced what manufacturers and servicing trades thought their customers wanted, only a study of relevant personal documents written by actual consumers will provide a precise picture of who wanted what. We still need to know how large this consumer market was and how far down the social scale the consumer demand for luxury goods penetrated. With regard to this last question, we might note in passing that Thompson, while rightly restoring laboring people to the stage of eighteenth-century English history, has probably exaggerated the opposition of these people to the sudden attacks of capitalist consumerism in general. For example, laboring people in eighteenth-century England readily shifted from home-brewed beer to standardized beer produced by huge, heavily capitalized urban breweries.
　　To answer the question of why consumers became so eager to buy, some historians have pointed to the ability of manufacturers to advertise in a relatively uncensored press. This, however, hardly seems a sufficient answer. Mckendrick favors a Veblen model of conspicuous consumption stimulated by competition for status. The “middling sort” bought goods and services because they wanted to follow fashions set by the rich. Again, we may wonder whether this explanation is sufficient. Do not people enjoy buying things as a form of self-gratification? If so, consumerism could be seen as a product of the rise of new concepts of individualism and materialism, but not necessarily of the frenzy for conspicuous competition.
　　Finally, what were the consequences of this consumer demand for luxuries? McKendrick claims that it goes a long way toward explaining the coming of the Industrial Revolution. But does it? What, for example, does the production of high-quality pottery and toys have to do with the development of iron manufacture or textile mills? It is perfectly possible to have the psychology and reality of a consumer society without a heavy industrial sector. (414 words)
　　Notes：in passing 顺便。frenzy狂热。brewery 啤酒厂。uncensored 未经新闻检查的。self-gratification 自我喜悦和满足。go a long way towards 对…大有帮助。frivolous琐碎的。foreshadow vt. 预示…的来临。
　　1. In the first paragraph, the author mentions Mckendrick and Plumb most probably in order to _______.
　　A. contrast their views on luxury consumerism in 18th-century England
　　B. confirm key questions about 18th-century England consumerism
　　C. exemplify historians who have proved the growing consumerism in 18th-century England
　　D. compare one historian’s interest in luxury goods to another historian’s interest in luxury services
　　2. Which of the following items, if preserved from eighteenth-century England, would provide an example of the kind of documents mentioned in paragraph 2?
　　A. A bargain stricken between a manufacturer and a consumer
　　B. A diary that mentions luxury goods and services purchased by its author.
　　C. A theater ticket stamped with the date and name of a particular play.
　　D. A newspaper advertisement describing luxury goods and services available.
　　3. In the third paragraph, the author is primarily concerned with _______.
　　A. contrasting two theses and offering a compromise
　　B. questioning two explanations and proposing a possible alternative to them
　　C. examining two theories and supporting one over the other
　　D. raising several questions but implying that they cannot be answered
　　4. The author would most probably agree that the Industrial Revolution _______.
　　A. resulted from the growing demand for luxury goods and services
　　B. exploited the already existing demand for luxury goods and services
　　C. was closely bound up with the demands for luxury goods and services
　　D. was not directly driven by a growing demand for luxury goods and services
　　5. The title which best expresses the main idea of the text is ________.
　　A. A Comment on Historians’ Study on Rising Demand for Luxuries in 18th-century England
　　B. The Impacts of Consumer Demand for Luxury Goods and Services in the 18th Century
　　C. Consumers’ Demand for Luxuries in the 18th Century and Their Motives
　　D. The Ever-increasing Demand for Luxuries in Eighteenth-century England
　　Text 4 (课外阅读)
　　The term "leadership" is one of the most difficult in educational administration. To some, a leader is simply one who is followed. Presumably by that definition, a good leader is one who is followed consistently and reliably by large numbers of people. But that leads to the difficulty of Hitler being a "good leader". So, some will argue either that leadership itself involves both followers and a good sense of direction or that, at least, good leadership involves an approved direction. The latter distinction leaves one with the ambiguity of the "bad leader" being either one who is not followed or, very different, one who is followed but in a disapproved direction.
　　In addition to those definitional problems, some people believe they know what "good leadership style" is. It may be decisive but whatever it is its supporters know it is "good". Such people are likely to substitute the criterion of style for the criteria of having followers and having an appropriate direction. Some people go even further. They assume that good leadership style is an important end in itself. They give their favored style an attractive name like "democratic leadership". In that way, principals who have a "democratic" style are automatically deemed good, even though they may be ineffective and unpopular. The ineffectiveness and unpopularity are explained away; the principal is not "really a democratic leader, because, if she were, she would be effective and popular!"
　　As the concept of leadership is so obscure, leadership is a term that should be used with great care and only in circumstances where it is carefully defined. Our typology of types of style may be seen as a typology of leadership only if one limits the term leadership to the exercise of power, authority and influence.
　　We distinguish an effective leader, who gets results, from a good leader, who achieves good things. But does a good leader always get plentiful, good results? Some principals appear to be effective in some circumstances but not in others. Do they then suddenly change from being effective and, perhaps, good leaders one year to being ineffective leaders the next? The answer is probably yes. Thus leadership can be seen to be as much an outcome of the internal and external working environment as it is a quality of the leader. Thus Winston Churchill was a good and effective war time leader but not a very effective leader in peace time. The reverse might be said of Franklin Roosevelt. (412 words)
　　1. According to the first paragraph, whether a person is a good leader or not should be judged by __________.
　　A. his/her effectiveness B. his democratic style in work
　　C. his/her popularity D. the number of his/her followers and the correctness of direction
　　2. According to the author, if the term leadership is defined as the exercise of power, authority and influence, what is typical
　　of a qualified leader?
　　A. A good style in work B. A talent for direction
　　C. A large number of followers D. Getting brilliant results
　　3. From the text we may learn that __________.
　　A. a democratic style is the sole criterion to judge the quality of a school leader
　　B. a qualified leader has not so much followers as an approved direction
　　C. one’s personal and external conditions can finally decide the quality of leadership
　　D. the personal character is the exclusive factor to become an efficient leader
　　4. The text seems to mainly discuss the leadership of __________.
　　A. an educational board B. a headmaster or president
　　C. government heads D. a teachers’ association
　　5. Which of the following would be the best title for the text?
　　A. The Main Qualities of a School Leader 
　　B. The Great Importance of School Leadership
　　C. Educational Administration in the United States
　　D. The Dispute over the Concept of Leadership Mainly in Schools
　　Text 2 Word Study
　　1. when (偶用if) it comes to … 当谈到…时：1) When it comes to mathematics, I’m completely at sea. (当谈到数学时，我就茫然了。) 2) The school has very good teachers, but when it comes to buildings, the school is poor. 3) If it comes to building, Austin is the firm you should consult.（如果谈到建筑业，那奥斯丁是你应该咨询的公司。）
　　2. show up 露面，出场；变得更醒目：1) Why didn’t you show up at the meeting yesterday? （你为什么不出席昨天的会？） 2) At times like these the true character of the man shows up. (在这样的时期，这个人的真实品格才更容易看出来了。)
　　3. in despair 绝望(作表语或作状语)：1) I found him in despair. 2) He gave up in despair.
　　4. 注意新的合成词：slowdown 减慢；downsize 缩小规模；downscale 每况愈下。
　　Text 3 Word Study
　　1. intend vt. 打算，有…的意图：1) I intend to clean out the spare room sooner or later. (我打算迟早把这间富裕的房间打扫干净。)
　　2) I intended to have called you up, but I forgot to. (我本来打算给你打电话，但我忘了。) 3) He explained to her at length what he intended doing the week following. (他向她详细地解释了他下一周打算做的事情。) 4) Did you intend us to share the cost of the dinner? (你是否打算让我们来分担饭费？) 5) He intended that his son should inherit the business. (他打算他的儿子来继承这笔产业。) 用于成语：intend for （原）打算给（某人），准备让…干…：1) I intended these flowers for your mother, but as she is away I’d be glad if you would accept them. 2) The parcel of explosive did not reach the man for whom it was intended. 同根词：intention n. 意图，本来的想法：1) I have no intention of defending myself to you. 2) His original intention was to become a doctor. 3) A person with truly good intentions must take effect into account. (一个真正好心的人必须把影响考虑进去。) intentional adj. 有心的，有意的： I assure you that it was not intentional. (我向你保证，这并不是故意的。) intentionally adv. 有意地：I did not do it intentionally.
　　2. identify vt. /vi. 认出（身份，物件），证明是（谁的），说明（其身份）：1) I identified the coat at once; it was my brother’s.
　　(我立刻认出这件外套；那是我兄弟的。) 2) I can identify the watch as mine by the scratches on the back. (通过表背后的划痕我能认出这块表是我的。)用于成语：identify … with …把…与…联系起来；把…与…等同起来：1) He identifies her happiness with his own. (他把她的幸福和他自己的幸福等同起来。) 2) Wealth cannot be identified with happiness. (不能把财富和幸福等同起来。) identify oneself with … 与…有联系，支持：1) He refused to identify himself with the new political party. 2) The politician is too closely identified with the former government to become a minister in ours. (这位政界人士与上一届政府关系太密切以至不能成为我们政府中的一名部长。) 同根词：identification n. 认出，确定身份：1) Identification of the jewels was made by the owner. 2) A driving license is adequate identification. (一张驾驶执照足以确定身份。) identity n. 身份；相同：1) The traveler’s passport established his identity. (旅行者的护照确定了他的身份。) 2) The identity of crimes led the police to think that the same person committed them. (罪行的相同使警察认为，是同一个人犯了这些罪行。) identical adj. 同一的，完全相同的：1) This is the identical pen I lost yesterday. 2) The fingerprints of no two persons are identical. 3) This copy is identical with the one you bought last week. identifiable adj. 可看作是相同的，可证明是同一的，可辨认的：Other identifiable causes of offensive acts include frustration or failure in school, the increased availability of drugs and alcohol, and the growing incidence of child abuse and child neglect. [2004年试题37, 38,39] （其他可看作犯罪行动产生的相同原因是在学校里的挫折和失败，毒品和酒精随处可得，虐待儿童和儿童无人管理的发生率越来越高。） identifier 鉴定人。
　　II. Writing (I)
　　Directions: Study the following picture carefully and write a letter of 160―200 words to the newspaper based on the following outline:
　　1) Describe the picture to illustrate the present situation,
　　2) Suggest possible measures to be taken, and
　　3) Predict future prospect.
　　水的污染
　　尊敬的先生/女士：
　　我给您写信是想陈述我对水的污染问题的看法。普遍认为，水的污染是当今严重的公害。世界各国的河流正在受到工厂排放的垃圾及有害化学物质所污染。船舶加剧了污染，因为它们依靠河流排放废物。油和其它化学物质会杀死鱼类并使水不能饮用。总之，污染了的水对人人都是个大问题。
　　正如你所知道的，人们靠水生活。他们应该参与找到解决污染问题的方法。我认为，需要尽快采取某些应对措施。首先，各国政府理应制订处理污染问题的规章制度。此外，在全面处理和净化废液以前，必须禁止城乡工厂把废液排入河流。我觉得，如果这些工厂违反有关的法规或法律，则应加重罚款。当然还会有一些其它的治理方法值得采取。但是如果我们采取上述提到的措施，我们就不会有水枯竭的危险。
　　至于未来的前景，我相信，在这一方面会取得良好的成果。过去一度被工业废料污染的河流将会得到清理，几年以前鱼类不能生长的河流将又会重见鱼群。总之，似乎很明显，只要人人各尽其责并努力去寻找控制污染的方法，明天将会变得更美好、更光明。
　　如果需要对这个问题做进一步评论，请不吝赐函。谢谢！
　　&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 顺致
　　敬意
　　&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp;&nbsp; 李明
　　Dear Sir or Madam,
　　I’m writing to you to state my view on the water pollution problem. It is generally accepted that water pollution is a serious public hazard today. Rivers all over the world are becoming polluted with garbage and dangerous chemicals discharged by factories. Ships contribute to the problem because they rely on rivers for disposing of wastes. Oil and other chemicals can kill fish and make water unsafe for drinking. In a word, polluted water is a big problem to everyone.
　　As you know, people depend on water to live on. They should be involved in finding a solution to this problem. I think, certain counter measures need to be taken as soon as possible. To begin with, the governments of all countries are supposed to lay down rules and regulations to deal with the pollution problem. In addition, factories in towns and cities must be prohibited from draining waste liquids into rivers before they are totally treated and purified. I feel if they violate relevant rules or laws, they deserve to be fined heavily. Certainly, there are some other cures, which are worth adopting. But if we take the measures outlined above, we will be in no danger of drying up.
　　As far as future prospect is concerned, I’m sure that good results will be achieved in this respect. Rivers which used to be contaminated by industrial wastes will be cleaned and fish which could not live there a few years ago will be seen again. To conclude, it seems obvious that tomorrow will be better and brighter only if everyone does his part and tries hard to seek solutions for its control.
　　If any further comment on the issue is required, please don’t hesitate to write to me.
　　Thanks.
　　 Yours sincerely
　　Li Ming (295 words)
　　背记重点词语汉英对照：1. 被…所污染：be polluted with, be contaminated with …；用…来污染… ：contaminate sth. with …。 2. 参与： take part in …; be involved in…; participate in …。 3. 制订规章、法律：lay down(=make) riles and regulations, laws。 4. 违反规章、法律：violate (=break) riles and regulations, laws。 5. 禁止某人做某事：prohibit sb. from doing sth.; forbid sb. to do sth.; ban sb. from doing sth. 6. 理应受到：deserve to do … or to be done。 7. 采取措施：take (=adopt, resort to) measures。 8. 至于谈到…：As far as … is concerned。 9. 最后，似乎很清楚…：To conclude, it seems obvious that …。 10. 尽到自己的责任：do one’s part。
　　Put the following sentences from Chinese into English:
　　1. 他们用这些败坏道德的（poisonous）思想来污染年轻人的头脑。[ALD]
　　2. 我并不想再参与学校的事务。（=我并不想再被扯到学校的事务中去。）
　　3. 他们非常想参与这次讨论。
　　4. 如果他们违反相关的交通规则，他们就理应受到严厉惩处。
　　5. 如果需要对这个问题做进一步评论，请不吝赐函。
　　(II) （课外背诵篇）
　　Directions: Write an essay entitled “On Keeping a Diary in English” and based on the following outline: 
　　1. Benefits brought by keeping a diary In English
　　2. Difficulties involved
　　3. My suggestions
　　用英语记日记是提高英语写作技能的有效方法之一。 与其他写作形式相比, 它短小, 省时。它能帮助我们培养用英语思考的习惯。如果我们坚持这样做, 渐渐地我们就学会了用英语来表达我们的思想。
　　在用英语记日记的过程中, 我们不可避免地要遇到许多困难。首先, 经常发生这样的事, 我们很难找到恰如其分的词或短语来表达我们的思想。其次, 在汉语中有许多习惯说法, 我们很难把它们准确地译成英语。 当然, 还有一些其他的困难, 我们可能在用英语记日记中遇到。
　　至于我, 我的建议是, 我们应该在手头随时准备好一个笔记本和一本汉英词典。每当有困难的东西难住我们时, 我们可以先在笔记本记下来, 然后查词典。如有必要, 我们也可以向英语老师请教。 总之, 我认为, 用英语记日记对提高写作能力是十分有用的。
　　Keeping a diary in English is one of the effective ways to improve our English writing ability. Compared with other forms of writing, it is shorter and takes less time. It can help us to cultivate the habit of thinking in English. If we persist in this practice, gradually we’ll learn how to express ourselves in English.
　　In keeping a diary in English, we inevitably run up against a lot of difficulties. In the first place, it often happens that we have trouble finding appropriate words and phrases to give expression to our mind. Secondly, there are many idiomatic ways of saying things in Chinese. And it is extremely hard for us to put them into English properly. Certainly, there are some other roadblocks we may come across in our keeping a diary in English.
　　As far as I’m concerned, my suggestion is that we should always have a notebook and a Chinese-English dictionary within easy reach. Whenever something beats(难住) us, we can first put it down in our notebook and then consult our dictionary. We can also turn to our English teacher for help, if necessary. In short, it is of great use to keep a diary in English for the development of our writing skills. (209 words)
　　作业：1. 按照提纲要求改写本篇作文, 适当扩展、充实段落内容。遣词造句时要注意句子的主谓结构和谓语动词的搭配关系, 要尽量
　　使用学过的句型。
　　2. 把“复习指导”一书中的词汇练习与完形填空练习结合起来复习, 然后逐渐把重点转移到阅读理解。
　　赠言：凡事预则立，不预则废。把握考研方向，提高复习效率。要认真思考和总结每个测试项目的具体要求和命题思路，结合自身的
　　情况，制订有效的复习对策。
　　Text 1 参考译文
　　当史前人类来到世界的新地区时(=当地球上出现史前人类时)，大型动物发生了一些奇怪的事情：它们突然灭绝了。较小的物种生存下来了。大型的、生长缓慢的动物容易猎取，并很快因捕猎而绝迹。现在类似的事情也可能正在海洋中发生。
　　多年来人们知道，海洋的鱼类正受到过量的捕捞。诸如Ransom Myers 和Boris Worm这样的研究人员已经指出，事态正在迅速地变化。他们察看了来自世界各地渔场的半个世纪的资料。他们的研究方法并不是试图去估计海洋中某些特定区域的鱼类生物的实际数量，而是去估计随着时间的推移鱼类生物数量的变化。根据他们发表在《自然》杂志上的最新论文，一个新的渔场中大型食肉鱼类的数量在开始开发的15年内平均减少80%。在一些长久捕捞的地区，这15年来，大型食肉鱼类的数量又下降了一半。
　　Worm博士承认，这些数字是保守的。原因之一是捕鱼技术改进了。如今的渔船可以使用卫星和声纳定位仪来发现猎物，这些技术在50年以前是做不到的。这就意味着更多的海洋鱼类被捕捞，因此现在和过去的真实差别可能比记录下来的捕捞量的变化更大。还有，在早些时候，多钩长线上本来可能会挂满鱼；但是由于没有挂鱼饵的鱼钩来诱惑它们，因而有些鱼就没有被钓到，这就导致了过去低估了海洋中的鱼类数量。此外，在多钩长线捕鱼的早期，许多鱼上钩后被鲨鱼吃掉了。在今天这就不成问题了，因为现在各处海洋里的鲨鱼少多了。
　　Myers 博士和 Worm博士论证说，他们的研究工作设定了一条正确的底线，未来的海洋管理必须考虑到这条底线。他们认为，这些数据支持了海洋生物学家中流行的一种观点，即“改变底线”。这一观点是，人们没有觉察海洋中发生的巨大变化是因为他们对过去的研究时间还比较短。那很有关系，因为理论表明，只有当某一目标物种的存活量是原来数量的大约50%时，才能从某一渔场获得最大限度的可持续的产量。大多数渔场的鱼类数量远低于这个标准，因此这种生意不是那么好做的。
　　Text 2 参考译文
　　当谈到经济减速时，Ellen Spero还没有到绝望的境地。但是这位47岁的指甲修剪师也没有她希望的那么多顾客来修剪、锉磨或打光指甲了。她的许多顾客每周花上$12到$50，但是上月她的两位常客突然不再光顾了。Spero怪罪于疲软的经济。“我是一只很好的经济晴雨表，”她说。“我提供的是人们想到要省几元钱时没有也行的服务。”这样，Spero的生意渐渐萧凋，她就到Cleveland郊区她家附近的中等人士购物的Dillard百货商店去买东西，而不到高档的Neiman Marcus去。她说，“我不知道是不是其他的顾客也会不上我的门了。”
　　甚至在Alan Greenspan承认美国经济过热正在降温以前，许多工薪人士已经看到经济放慢的迹象。几个月来，从汽车经销店到Gap休闲服装零售店，销售额一直不景气，因为消费者减少开支了。对零售商来说，他们去年从感恩节到圣诞节进账了全年收入的24%，今年对这一关键年节的生意持审慎的态度。专家们已经说，节日销售额与去年同期相比减少7%。但是还不必拉响经济警报。消费者看来只是关注，而没有惊恐；许多消费者说，他们对经济的长远前景还是持乐观态度，即使现在他们适度地勒紧裤带。
　　消费者说，他们并没有感到绝望，因为，尽管报纸上的大字标题骇人听闻，但是他们自已的境况仍然很好。在许多地区住房价格保持稳定。在曼哈顿，“有一股新的购房淘金热，价位在$400万至$1,000万的范围内，主要由华尔街的红利提供的，”经纪人Barbara Corcoran说。在旧金山，房价仍然在上扬，尽管狂热的竞出高价现象已在平息。一位美国海湾地区房地产经纪人John Deadly说，“不是20至30个出价，现在你可能只有2或3个出价。”并且大多数老百姓觉得他们能够找到并保住一份工作，因此感觉良好。
　　许多人从经济发展减速中看到了有利的一面。想要购房的人对较低的利率欣喜若狂。雇主也并不介意劳务市场上少了一点泡沫。许多消费者似乎已经受到股票市场的波动的影响。可投资商把这种波动视为对持续高速增长的必要组成成分。就餐者可能也看到一种人数上升的势头。在曼哈顿闹市区的新Alain Ducasse 饭馆要找一张餐桌过去常常是不可能的。今后再也不会了。对此，格林斯潘公司可能仍然值得祝贺一番。
　　Text 3 参考译文
　　历史学家只是到最近才开始注意到发生在18世纪英国对豪华商品和服务需求量的增加。McKendrick探索了Wedgwood公司在销售豪华陶器方面所取得的显著成绩。Plumb写到省城戏院、音乐节和儿童玩具与书本的迅速增长。虽然这场消费革命的事实几乎无可置疑，但是仍有三个问题：谁是消费者？他们的消费动机是什么？对豪华产品新需求的影响是什么？
　　对第一个问题的答案一直很难得到。虽然可以从实际生产的商品和服务中推理，制造商和服务业认为他们的顾客想要什么，但是只要研究一下实际消费者所写的相关材料就会使我们了解，谁想要什么。我们仍然必须了解这个消费市场有多大？消费者对豪华商品的需要沿着社会等级往下渗透到多远？至于这后一个问题，我们可以顺便注意到Thompson，他虽然正确地恢复了劳动人民在18世纪英国历史舞台上的地位，却也许夸大了这些人总的反对资本主义消费主义思想侵蚀的程度。例如，18世纪英国劳动人民很快地从饮用家酿啤酒转变到饮用大型投资的城区啤酒厂所生产的标准化啤酒。
　　要回答为什么消费者变得如此渴望购物的问题，有些历史学家指出，制造商有能力在新闻检查较差的报章杂志上做广告。然而，这似乎不是一个充分的答案。McKendrick赞成Veblen的解释模式，即明显的消费是由攀比地位激发起来的。“中间一类人”购买商品和服务是因为他们想要效仿有钱人树立的风尚。同样，我们可能要问，这个解释是否充分。是否人们欣赏购物是把它看作一种自我满足呢？假如是这样，消费主义可以被看作是个性主义和实利主义观念兴起的一种产物，而未必是狂热进行明显竞争的产物。
　　最后，消费者对豪华商品的需求其社会后果是什么？McKendrick声称，这种需求对解释工业革命的来临大有帮助。但果真如此吗？
　　例如，生产高质量的陶器和玩具与制铁业或纺织厂有什么关系呢？没有重工业部门也完全有可能存在消费社会的心理和现实。
　　阅读欣赏 时尚英语 精品译文
　　Blooming Beauty If you’re looking to see Japan at its picturesque best, then make sure to catch the annual plum blossom viewing festival, or hanami. This year, the plum blossom is expected to sweep across the country starting with the southern island of Kyushu in early February, reaching Tokyo by mid-March.
　　The traditional cultural center of Kyoto, a short train ride from the bustling metropolis of Osaka, is possibly one of the best places to enjoy plum blossoms, with its multitude of temples and ancient streets. Office workers and families take to the parks and gardens, fiercely defending precious spaces beneath the trees, where they sit, drink, and sing their way through the first warm evenings of the year.
　　樱花盛开的美丽 如果您想领略日本如画的景致，一定要赶上今年的樱花观赏节（或称为hanami）。樱花开的花期从南部九州岛的二月初到东京的三月中旬，在全国竞相绽放。
　　从繁闹的大都市大阪乘坐短途列车即可到达传统文化的中心京都，这里拥有无数的庙宇和古老的街道，是欣赏樱花盛开的最佳去处。邀约亲朋好友一道来到樱花怒放的公园和花园，在樱花树下开辟一边空间，围坐饮酒、唱歌，度过一年中的第一个暖夜。
　　