
　　Snooker aficionados in the UK have descended upon Sheffield, a city in the 
north of England, for the 2006 Snooker World Championship.
　　From April the 15th until the final on May the 1st, the world’s finest 
snooker players are slugging it out to win the most important C and richest C 
snooker tournament.
　　The snooker World Championship first took place in 1927 and was an 
immediate success. In 1976 it was broadcast on television for the first time and 
has been held at The Crucible theatre in Sheffield ever since.
　　In this competition the stakes are high. The winner will walk away from the 
table with a prize in excess of &pound;250,000.
　　There is also a cash prize for the first player to score a 147 break. This 
means that in one turn, or break, at the table, a player scores the maximum of 
147 points. Last year Mark Williams won more than &pound;160,000 from a single 
break.
　　Interestingly, the 147 break has only been achieved by four players since 
1976. Ronnie O’Sullivan, the current world number one, is the only player to 
have managed the feat twice.
　　Nobody has won more times than the current world number two, Stephen 
Hendry, with seven titles. He also holds the record for the youngest winner, 
when he won for the first time in 1990 aged only 21.
　　One player hoping to break that record is 18 year-old Liang Wenbo. He 
recently stunned the snooker world by thrashing Nigel Bond 5-0 in the Welsh Open 
Championship, another important British event. He is currently ranked 86th in 
the world, but he is the world under-21 champion and is sure to make an 
impression in this year’s matches.
　　Another Chinese competitor to watch is Ding Junhui. He is currently number 
31 in the world. He became world under-21 champion at the age of 15, and 
recently won the China Open, beating Hendry 9-5. He is definitely one of the 
most exciting young players in world snooker today, and is one to watch in 
April.
　　Despite his success, Ding remains modest. Away from snooker, his hobbies 
are watching Jackie Chan films and supporting Liverpool Football Club.
　　aficionados
　　-狂热追随者, (台球)迷
　　descended upon
　　大批抵达；蜂拥而至
　　slugging it out
　　一决胜负
　　broadcast
　　转播, 广播
　　stakes are high
　　奖金丰厚
　　in excess of
　　超过
　　break
　　开球破局
　　feat
　　技艺, 功绩
　　titles
　　夺冠
　　holds the record
　　(世界)记录保持者
　　stunned
　　目瞪口呆；瞠目结舌
　　thrashing
　　痛打,击败
　　ranked
　　排行
　　make an impression
　　给与印象,使...感动 ...
　　competitor
　　竞争对手
　　modest
　　谦虚
　　supporting
　　支持
　
&nbsp;
　来源:VOA慢速英语网