
　　Shavuot
　　the 5th day of Sivan , fifty days after Passover (Jewish world)
　　The Yom Tov begins at sundown of the 5th day of Sivan (息汪月, 
即犹太教历3月,犹太国历9月,在公历5、6月间,共30天), exactly fifty days after Passover (犹太教的逾越节).
　　Shavuot, the Feast of the Weeks, is the Jewish holiday celebrating the 
harvest season in Israel. Shavuot, which means "weeks", refers to the timing of 
the festival which is held exactly 7 weeks after Passover. Shavuot is known also 
as Yom Habikkurim, or "the Day of the First Fruits", because it is the time the 
farmers of Israel would bring their first harvest to Jerusalem as a token of 
thanksgiving.
　　Shavuot also commemorates the anniversary of the giving of the Ten 
Commandments to Moses (十诫, 犹太教、基督教的诫条) and the Israelites at Mount Sinai 
(西奈山,基督教《圣经》中记载的上帝授予摩西十诫之处).
　　Many of the traditions and customs of Shavuot have evolved from the legends 
and stories describing the experiences of the Israelites at Mount Sinai. 
According to tradition the Israelites actually overslept on the morning of God's 
visit. To compensate for this negligence, Jews hold a vigil on the eve of 
Shavuot. They stay awake from dusk to dawn, keeping themselves busy with the 
readings of the Torah (律法，圣经旧约之首五卷) and the Talmud (犹太法典). A digest of readings 
has evolved called Tikkun Leil Shavuot, the "Restoration of Shavuot Eve," which 
includes selections from the Torah, the Prophets, the Talmud, and the Zohar 
(《光明篇》,犹太教神秘主义对摩西五书的注疏).
　　Another Shavuot custom is the eating of dairy foods. One explanation states 
that this comes from a passage in the Torah which reads: "And He gave us this 
land, a land flowing with milk and honey".
　　Another explanation comes from a legend stating that before the visit from 
God the Jews did not keep kosher (指食物、饮食店等合礼的,符合犹太教规戒律的) or follow the Kashrut 
(dietary) laws. It was on this first Shavuot that they found out that their 
utensils were nonkosher and thus unfit for use. So finding themselves without 
kosher meats or utensils the Israelites were forced to eat only dairy foods. 
Today Jews celebrate Shavuot by eating blintzes, cheesecake, and other dairy 
dishes.
　　Another legend tells the story of the Israelites finding Mount Sinai 
blooming and lush with greenery and flowers. From this legend grew the custom to 
decorate the Jewish home and synagogue with tree branches and flowers. Some 
temples decorate the Torah scrolls with wreaths of roses.
&nbsp;
　　　　
　　
　　