
　　【来源：北京太奇培训学校】
　　2007北京太奇培训学校考研英语强化班授课讲义(四) 
　　I. Use of English (Cloze) 内部资料 翻印必究
　　Business and government leaders also consider the inflation rate to be an 
important general indicator. Inflation is a period of increased 1 that causes 
rapid rises in prices. When your money buys 2 goods so that you get less for the 
same amount of money 3 before, inflation is the problem. There is a general rise 
4 the price of goods and services. Your money buys less. Sometimes people 5 
inflation as a time when “a dollar is not worth a dollar any more.”
　　Inflation is a problem for all consumers. People who live on a fixed income 
are 6 the most. Retired people, for instance, cannot 7 on an increase in income 
as prices rise. Elderly people who don’t work face serious problems in 
stretching their incomes to 8 their needs in time of inflation. 9 income or any 
fixed income usually does not rise as fast as prices. Many retired people must 
cut their spending to 10 rising prices. In many 11 they must stop buying some 
necessary items, such as food and clothing.
　　Even for working people whose incomes are going up, inflation can be a 
problem 12 the cost of living rises, too. People who work must have even more 
money to 13 their standard of living. Just buying the things they need 14 more. 
When incomes do not keep pace with rising prices, the standard of living goes 
down. People may be earning the same 15 of money, but they are not living as 
well because they are not able to buy 16 many goods and services.
　　Government units 17 information about prices in our economy and publish it 
as price indexes from which the rate of change can be determined. A price index 
18 changes in prices using the price for a given year as the base. The base 
price is set 19 100, and the other prices are 20 as a percentage of the base 
price. (321 words)
　　1. A. demanding B. spending C. consuming D. borrowing
　　2. A. a few B. more C. fewer D. a little
　　3. A. than B. like C. since D. as
　　4. A. in B. for C. at D. to
　　5. A. render B. depict C. describe D. assume
　　6. A. hurt B. undermined C. damaged D. spoiled
　　7. A. depend B. rest C. rely D. count
　　8. A. acquire B. obtain C. meet D. suit
　　9. A. Government B. Development C. Retirement D. Employment
　　10. A. put up with B. keep up with C. fall in with D. get on with
　　11. A. occasions B. cases C. positions D. situations
　　12. A. although B. if C. when D. because
　　13. A. keep up B. keep to C. reckon on D. reckon with
　　14. A. spends B. costs C. consumes D. wastes
　　15. A. number B. portion C. amount D. sum
　　16. A. so B. too C. that D. as
　　17. A. accept B. attain C. utilize D. gather
　　18. A. measures B. estimates C. assesses D. evaluates
　　19. A. against B. at C. by D. on
　　20. A. reported B. designated C. decided D. publicized
　　II. 选择搭配题
　　Directions：
　　The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 41―45, 
you are required to reorganize these paragraphs into a coherent article by 
choosing from the list A―E to fill in each numbered box. The first and the last 
paragraphs have been placed for you in Boxes. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 
1. (10 points)
　　[A] “I just don’t know how to motivate them to do a better job. We’re in a 
budget crunch and I have absolutely no financial rewards at my disposal. In 
fact, we’ll probably have to lay some people off in the near future. It’s hard 
for me to make the job interesting and challenging because it isn’t ― it’s 
boring, routine paperwork, and there isn’t much you can do about it.
　　[B] “Finally, I can’t say to them that their promotions will hinge on the 
excellence of their paperwork. First of all, they know it’s not true. If their 
performance is adequate, most are more likely to get promoted just by staying on 
the force a certain number of years than for some specific outstanding act. 
Second, they were trained to do the job they do out in the streets, not to fill 
out forms. All through their career it is the arrests and interventions that get 
noticed.
　　[C] “I’ve got a real problem with my officers. They come on the force as 
young, inexperienced men, and we send them out on the street, either in cars or 
on a beat. They seem to like the contact they have with the public, the action 
involved in crime prevention, and the apprehension of criminals. They also like 
helping people out at fires, accidents, and other emergencies．
　　[D] “Some people have suggested a number of things like using conviction 
records as a performance criterion. However, we know that’s not fair ― too many 
other things are involved. Bad paperwork increases the chance that you lose in 
court, but good paperwork doesn’t necessarily mean you’ll win. We tried setting 
up team competitions based on the excellence of the reports, but the guys caught 
on to that pretty quickly. No one was getting any type of reward for winning the 
competition, and they figured why should they labor when there was no 
payoff.
　　[E] “The problem occurs when they get back to the station. They hate to do 
the paperwork, and because they dislike it, the job is frequently put off or 
done inadequately. This lack of attention hurts us later on when we get to 
court. We need clear, factual reports. They must be highly detailed and 
unambiguous. As soon as one part of a report is shown to be inadequate or 
incorrect, the rest of the report is suspect. Poor reporting probably causes us 
to lose more cases than any other factor.
　　[F] “So I just don’t know what to do. I’ve been groping in the dark in a 
number of years. And I hope that this seminar will shed some light on this 
problem of mine and help me out in my future work.”
　　[G] A large metropolitan city government was putting on a number of 
seminars for administrators, managers and/or executives of various departments 
throughout the city. At one of these sessions the topic to be discussed was 
motivation -- how we can get public servants motivated to do a good job. The 
difficulty of a police captain became the central focus of the discussion.
　　Order:
　　 
　　G 41. 42. 43. 44. 45. F
　　课外作业（课上不讲，下次课提供答案）
　　Directions:
　　The following paragraphs are given in a wrong order. For Questions 1-5, you 
are required to reorganize these paragraphs
　　into a coherent article by choosing from the list A-E to fill in each 
numbered box. The first and the last paragraphs have been
　　placed for you in Boxes. Mark your answers on ANSWER SHEET 1. (10 
points)
　　[A] These silent, zero-emission gadgets have long been used in NASA 
spacecraft. They represent the great hope of many environmentalists to power the 
first mass-produced electric car.
　　[B] Whether they are used to run cars and buses or to make electricity for 
other applications, fuel cells operate by converting hydrogen to electricity 
without combustion. They are akin to continuously-recharging batteries. Hydrogen 
and oxygen are fed into a stack of plates that create electricity, with harmless 
water vapor as the by-product.
　　[C] While batteries alone haven’t supplied the performance most drivers 
want, proponents believe that fuel cells, probably combined with batteries, hold 
the promise of performance, range and better mileage compared with today’s 
internal combustion engines.
　　[D] If they work, methanol fuel cells could be a major breakthrough in 
energy consumption and conservation. The brave new technology could drastically 
cut air pollution from auto emissions and other sources.
　　[E] The size and weight of fuel cells have always been problems. New 
fuel-cell technology promises to solve those issues.
　　[F] Fuel cells can use various sources of hydrogen, including a simple tank 
of compressed gas. But methanol, a liquid usually produced from natural gas, is 
a much more efficient way to store hydrogen. This is why the first wave of fuel 
cells in cars will likely use an indirect methanol fuel cell, in which the 
methanol passes through a mechanism called a “reformer”, which extracts the 
hydrogen.
　　[G] A new, lightweight fuel cell that runs on methanol may one day power 
your electric car. Sooner still, the new cell may fuel smaller devices such as 
your lap-top computer or mobile phone.
　　Order:&nbsp;
　　G 41. 42. 43. 44. 45. F
　　III. English-Chinese Translation
　　1) It is the business of the scientist to accumulate knowledge about the 
universe and all that is in it, and to find, if he is able, common factors which 
underlie and account for the facts that he knows. He chooses, when he can, the 
method of the “controlled experiment”. If he wants to find out the effect of 
light on growing plants, he takes many plants, as alike as possible. Some he 
stands in the sun, some in the shade, some in the dark, all the time keeping all 
other conditions (temperature, moisture, nourishment) the same. In this way, by 
keeping other conditions constant, and by varying the light only, the effect of 
light on the plants can be clearly seen. 2) This method of using “controls” can 
be applied to a variety of situations, and can be used to find the answers to 
questions as widely different as “Must moisture be present if iron is to rust?” 
and “Which variety of beans gives the greatest yield in one season? ”
　　In the course of his inquiries the scientist may find what he thinks is one 
common explanation for an increasing number of facts. The explanation, if it 
seems consistently to fit the various facts, is called a hypothesis. If a 
hypothesis continues to stand the test of numerous experiments and remains 
unshaken, it becomes a law.
　　3) The scientist is always most gratified to find that an underlying 
“explanation” of many phenomena suggests in its turn the possibility of proving 
its own accuracy or falsity by a suitably arranged critical experiment. He is 
also gratified when his “explanation”, if true, points to a new series of 
experiments designed to answer a new set of questions. For the curiosity of the 
scientist is never satisfied.
　　The evidence as to the vastness of the universe and the complexity of its 
arrangements continues to grow at an amazing rate. The gap between what we know 
and all that can be known seems not to diminish, but rather to increase with 
every new discovery. Fresh unexplored regions are forever opening out.
　　4) The rapidity of the increase of scientific knowledge, in the nineteenth 
and twentieth centuries, is apt to give students and teachers the impression 
that no sooner is a problem stated than the answer is forthcoming. A more 
detailed study of the history of science corrects the impression that 
fundamental discoveries are made with dramatic suddenness. Even in our present 
age no less than fifty years separate the discovery of radioactivity from the 
explosion of the first atomic bomb. Much of the fundamental information which 
now enables us to control the onset and duration of disease was known a century 
ago.
　　5) The teacher, giving his brief accounts of scientific discovery, is 
liable to forget the long periods of misunderstanding, of false hypotheses and 
general uncertainty, which almost invariably precede the clear statement of 
scientific truth. (486 words)
　　IV. Writing Practice
　　Directions:
　　Your are preparing for an English test and are in need of some reference 
books. Write a letter to the sales department of a bookstore to ask for:
　　1) detailed information about the books you want,
　　2) methods of payment,
　　3) time and way of delivery.
　　Sample:
　　Dear Sir / Madam,
　　Allow me to introduce myself. My name is Li Ming. At present I’m preparing 
for a national English test. Therefore, I badly need a good dictionary. 
能否请您告诉我一些有关词典的情况。您的书店里现在有些什么词典？哪一本最符合我的需要？Besides, I also want to know how I 
will pay for it. 请您告诉我是用现金还是支票支付书款。By the way, if everything goes smoothly, when 
can I get the dictionary? 您用什么方式把书转给我呢？
　　Thank you very much for your time. I’m looking forward to hearing from you 
soon.
　　Yours faithfully,
　　Li Ming
　　作业：1. 复习本单元内容，配合“复习指导”迅速浏览其中的语法和词汇，为完形、英译汉打好基础。
　　2. 做“复习指导”中相关 “完形”和“英译汉”练习。
　　3. 背记本单元应用文。
　　赠言：有志者事竟成。(Where there is a will there is a way.)
　　选择搭配题参考译文 (课外练习)
　　也许有一天你的电动小轿车会用一种新型的、以甲醇为燃料的轻型燃料电池作动力。 
这种新电池可能不久后还可以为你的便携式电脑或移动电话等小型设备提供燃料。
　　一旦投入使用，甲醇燃料电池可能是在能源消耗和能源储存方面的一个重大突破。这种引人注目的新技术能极大地减少汽车尾气和其它原因造成的空气污染。
　　燃料电池无论是用来驱动小轿车和公共汽车，还是用作其它设备的电源， 工作时都不需燃料就把氢转化为电。它类似于在连续充电的电池， 
氢和氧被输入一堆发电的多层板片装置， 同时排出无害的水蒸气作为副产品。
　　这种低噪音、无排放物的小玩意儿早就在美国航空航天局的航天器上派上了用场。很多环保主义者对它寄予厚望， 
期待它能为首批大量生产的电动小轿车提供动力。
　　尽管仅靠蓄电池不能满足大多数驾驶员对车子工作性能的需要， 但倡导者们认为，燃料电池， 
也许加上蓄电池，在车子性能、行驶路程、耗油量等方面有望胜过现在使用的内燃机。
　　燃料电池的大小和重量一直是没有解决的问题。新的燃料电池技术可望解决这些问题。
　　燃料电池能使用各种来源的氢气，包括一种简单的压缩气储罐。 
但通常从天然气中产生的一种液体─―甲醇─―能跟有效地储存氢。这就是为什麽在小轿车中首批使用的很可能是一种间接的甲醇燃料电池。在该电池中， 
甲醇里的氢通过一个叫做“重整器”的机械装置被提取出来。
　　帮助你学习记忆单词的有效方法 -- 同根词解析
　　lat [拉丁语词根] 带有，产生，进行
　　*relate [re回 + lat带 + e] vi. (to) 有关联 vt. 1.使互相关联 2.叙述，讲述 *relation n. 1. 
关系，联系 2. 亲属，亲戚 *relationship n. 关系，联系 *relative a. 相对的，比较的 n. 亲属，亲戚 *relativity 
n. 相对论，相关性 *relevant a. 相关的 *irrelevant a. 不着边际的 *correlate [cor=con 共同 + 
relate关联] vt. 使相互关联 v. (to, with) 和 … 相关 *correlation n. 相互关系，相关（性）
　　*translate [trans转移 + lat产生 + e ---- 换一种语言说出来] v. 翻译 *translation n. 1. 
翻译，译 2. 译文，译本
　　*translator n. 译者
　　