　　Sandy Lin 15/F,TOWER2 ,BRIGHT CHINA,BUILDING1,BEIJING.　　SKILLS　　Human Resource Development:Articulate and effective communicator and trainer.Inspire a team commitment to company goals,management objectives and high quality performance standards.　　Computer systems:Skilled in use and development of data collection,and spreadsheet programs for accounting,statistical analysis and reporting functions.Assisted in computer systems installations and full training of employees.　　Troubleshooter:Analytical with and established track record for identifying complex problems;resourceful and inventive in developing and implementing creative solutions with enhanced sensitivity to cost,efficiency and deadlines.　　EXPERIENCE　　1993-Present Silver Guard Insurance Agency　　TRAINING COORDINATOR　　Develop training curriculum,aids and materials to instruct staff in division operations,corporate policy and procedure,and to maintain on-going personnel development in knowledge of current practices,increase job performance skills and maintain quality assurance for al office operations.　　Conduct highly effective classroom sessions and hands-on training encompassing billing,benefits,insurance industry regulations and relevant legal issues.　　Specialize in investigating medical malpractice cases.　　1991-1993 Orange community medical center　　MANAGER　　Managed and supervised daily credit and collections operations with responsibility for client billing and managing free care peograms.Controlled operating budget and contributed to overall budget planning.Analyzed accounts status and implemented appropriate collections procedures;facilitated clear communications with service vendors;worked effectively with attorneys in cases involving legal proceedings.　　1987-1991 Contemporary Temps　　ASSISTANT MANAGER　　Collected insurance statistical data;implemented cost avoidance programs and conducted training of temporary employees in billing procedures,goverment benefits programs,health card benefits issues,and insurance industry regulations.　　EDUCATION　　Bachelor of science in business administration,1988　　Coker College-Hartsville,SC　　　　Skills section draws attention to candidate's acquired professional qualifications.　　Chrono-functional resume has the strength of chronological format and the flexibility of functional format.　　朴昂(www.sogou.com)朴沫:＾training￣,慌孀欺

7,908,573


倖犢慷匈.